did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first ?
what hospital was rated number 1 in michigan in 2014 ?
what naming convention is accepted by all indigenous groups ?
what is c4c deeply rooted in the asian portion of ?
who was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ?
where is energiprojekt ab based ?
where were the 18th and 19th satellites for the beidou system launched from ?
who funded the linking of computers around the us in the 1970s ?
what defines a climbing elevator ?
what other iberian romance languages are found in this area ?
when did operation <unk> take place ?
during what periods of time were the essays and address contained in " the aims of education and other essays " composed ?
who invented the slide ruler ?
what did pope john paul ii send to jfk personally ?
what is the clarity of liquid oxygen ?
how many times platinum did queen 's news of the world go ?
in france , what did historians find that they consider a irrelevant for comics ?
what <unk> conflicts resulted in the wars of kappel ?
what state was created on march 3 , 1944 ?
when did the public finances in swaziland decline ?
what founder of pragmatism 's collected papers did charles <unk> and paul weiss not edit ?
where are clinical pharmacists not allowed to work with patients ?
what areas of knowledge <unk> during the renaissance ?
which dynasty formed after the treaty of leipzig ?
what was encouraged in the quran ?
who took issue with madison 's language during the debate over the establishment clause ?
during what period has valencia had a cultural surge ?
how does the scottish parliament scrutinize the people ?
above what temperature is the form of uranium hydride created ?
which news agency came under review resulting in the firing of their producer ?
which phylum is more complex than sponges ?
what was released on november 5 , 2010 ?
when did the torch arrive in saint petersburg ?
where did the beidou-2 system start offering services in 2012 ?
in summer , daytime <unk> often reach what temperature in the piedmont region ?
what area radio was disco music generally played on ?
what was worshipped for their ability to maintain their color through the winter season ?
what river is larger than the rhine ?
what did opec do to gain market share in 1979 ?
in what year did the hudson 's skyscraper close ?
what was the religious affiliation of all 9 founding members of northwestern ?
what was the luftwaffe incapable of doing ?
who is the director of the sydney mandolins ?
what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest can spread rabies ?
what two groups continue to use yiddish in daily life ?
does the amount of white matter in the brain increase or decrease over the course of adolescence ?
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ?
huguenots in killeshandra and county cavan expanded what agricultural industry ?
how many acres is the bureau of asset management in charge of ?
southern california is most famous for tourism and what notably named district ?
where did feynman receive much inspiration ?
what game played in both britain and america has become increasingly popular in pubs ?
in what year was the king 's house in jamaica built ?
what does clothing materials do more quickly compared to stone and bone ?
what were a large number of the local documents in regards to ?
what was excluded by the funding schemes
who first used rex <unk> ?
what year did the institute celebrate the third <unk> celebration ?
what is estonia 's highest mountain point ?
the buddha <unk> park is located in which indian city ?
during which process are unnecessary <unk> connections in the brain eliminated ?
are southampton 's transport routes around the uk good or bad ?
how is resurrection detailed in the book of revelations ?
a quantum dot non-led has been used in what ?
what are the closest known living relatives of animals ?
what other reviewer disagreed with home theater magazine 's assessment of the ps3 's blu-ray player ?
<unk> is the process of what ?
what type of knowledge did schopenhauer believe the ideal to be ?
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences ?
what year did trinity orthodox open ?
what occurs in the <unk> or start position ?
where are most sikh refugees from ?
what happened to most of the slovenes subgroups ?
what has been happening to <unk> levels ?
what is <unk> know for worldwide ?
in eastern europe , what is the word for an institute of technology ?
what is a fully maturing technology which <unk> ' offer a ready disposal <unk> ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
when did a huge deficit and rising inflation place pressure on estonia 's currency ?
where does 14th street begin ?
what year was the new york life building built ?
what <unk> of slovenes are extinct ?
in what era could you find good quality recordings and <unk> at home ?
about how many police work for the nypd ?
what shape is chromosome of bacteria ?
which is the smallest version of the ipod ?
in what year was the <unk> formed ?
what river is miami adjacent to ?
how did humans cross over to the americas from asia ?
what was code 127 labeled as for the teletype ?
what are no longer seen as operating on lexical phonology ?
in recent years , what usage has risen dramatically ?
what was the main benefit of the creation of new forms of partnerships during the commercial revolution ?
how many players does each side field in an american football game ?
what party is favored in bedigo and geelong ?
in what year did the nazi 's alter around <unk> of the <unk> of the area ?
what building material were tomb chambers constructed with ?
what did colonial authorities reduce because of the colony of victoria act of 1855 ?
what is the sole cause of extreme <unk> in the sahara ?
what country began war in 2002 ?
what will a person often do with extremely stressful thoughts ?
which theorem can be simplified to the prime ideals theorem ?
how did older models convert to asa scale ?
when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
who wrote to burke on nov 4 , 1793 ?
where was <unk> based ?
about how many plymouth residents are serving in the military ?
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ?
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ?
what does the environmental research institute support in cork ?
who created the <unk> model of the solar system ?
which company produces the ipod ?
what is the fourth largest acute care center in the u.s. ?
who was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ?
what tool do they use in public school to maintain discipline ?
what is the maximum length of a video on youtube ?
what did <unk> communications introduce in 2006 ?
who followed in johnson 's <unk> in terms of ensuring unequal opportunity ?
how many bus lines does the <unk> oversee ?
what trait does old english possess that modern english lacks ?
where did the drive franchise relocate to ?
jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum ?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
when was the known warrior buried ?
in what country was kaliningrad in 1946 ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for <unk> ?
what do geologists use to investigate the surface ?
who was a local gang <unk> in the same area ?
on october 14 how many german bombers attacked ?
in what people is the immune system the strongest ?
who provided the contradictory population numbers for greeks abroad ?
what % of people are employed in the private sector in saint helena ?
what were the types of economies that were being developed in western europe ?
who printed the article about the importance of interactions ?
what is comcast 's stance on organized labor ?
what is happening with the knowledge gained from sequencing a mouse ?
what counterpart of earlywood are scientists still trying to explain the formation of ?
what is the name of the city 's fm radio channel ?
why does fresno only have uhf television stations ?
what charleston college offers a degree in building arts ?
what does starch turn into when fermented in addition to carbon ?
what were put in place to prevent the mix of races ?
which invention resulted in less widespread use of the printed word ?
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ?
why do many hip hop and r&b artists turn to house music ?
newton 's fifth law is the result of applying symmetry to what ?
when did n't the northern crusades happen ?
what does a representation of algorithms that decompresses ?
what did the <unk> president declare in 1965 ?
which explorer did cabot make a mistake similar to ?
to what controversial organization did n't a miami chief of police belong ?
what area of southampton holds a ford assembly plant ?
protestants hold that mary had what relationship to jesus ?
where is the commander based out of ?
which satellite was first launched on september 27th , 2015 ?
in what season did <unk> stop managing everton ?
beyonce would take a break from music in which year ?
comedies generally present what type of themes ?
what country has estonian as its official language ?
how can antibiotic penicillin destroy bacteria ?
what farmers rushed in to settle the land with the help of the railroads ?
what was achieved on 30 march 1932 ?
what concern did hills raise about police models ?
what do the french swiss call switzerland ?
in experiments , a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
in what year was the name stout first used to describe a dark beer ?
who deemed henry iii 's coronation to be improper ?
what aspect of <unk> is covered by practice and procedure ?
which non-religious piece of literature had the term christian in it towards the end of the first century ?
what term is sometimes used for dialects that only differ in vocabulary ?
in what year did wesley clark retire ?
what year did estonia have a civil war ?
as an example , whose status was <unk> after the civil war ?
the majority of all households in himachal own a what ?
what did the courts rule was not infringement ?
in what year were there 73 death penalty convictions ?
dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what ?
what nation provided the most legal immigrants to new york city in the caribbean ?
what scientist suggested comparing the systems ?
what does the term " early modern " mean ?
which street do numbered streets begin just north of ?
what is a popular grain source for brewing beer in mexico ?
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system ?
from what country did the largest number of <unk> immigrants originate as of 2011 ?
how many deputies make up the assembly of the republic ?
where was the 1950 fifa world cup held ?
oral traditions allowed what to become formalized in human cultures ?
in what areas do agriculture methods differ ?
at what milestone was the archive made <unk> ?
who was known for his support of the classical <unk> account of knowledge ?
what is in dispute regarding the research into the core of the teachings ?
in addition to national laws , india 's supreme court may also interpret what regulations ?
who is the archaeologist that does not believe early humans were hunters ?
how does oklahoma rank among us states for agriculture ?
how old was elizabeth in february 1945 ?
what subtype of clitellates contains <unk> ?
what aquifer is tucson starting new wells in ?
what term do we use for the wood that comes from pine trees ?
approximately how much was spent on <unk> retail sales in london in 2010 ?
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy ?
what type of literature was written by czech commoners in 1348 ?
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
what do local associations replace ?
which two of feynman 's colleagues helped put the lectures into book format ?
in which century were antibiotics first introduced ?
what feature of a bird facilitate flight ?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ?
who recommended the role for <unk> ?
do mandolin notes decay faster or slower than larger string instruments ?
by accepting the deal with the ussr , hitler admitted that it prevented what ?
which is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
who lost the power to request a dissolution of parliment in 1918 ?
what actions did isil take against eastern journalists and aid workers ?
what resource has been discovered offshore in recent years ?
when did friedrich wilhelm von steuben teach prussian tactics ?
when was the treaty of nanking signed ?
on what date of the julian calendar do eastern catholics celebrate the <unk> of the theotokos ?
what is the ethnic affiliation of the <unk> considered ?
what is one type of capacitor that has a specified rating value for maximum <unk> current ?
what do witness publications say baptism symbolizes a person 's personal dedication to ?
what is the <unk> density of paper produced ?
what was spielberg bullied because of ?
what rooms are <unk> frequently used in ?
what act was the bureau initially tasked with enforcing ?
how is the start <unk> determined ?
what revolution made whites <unk> of <unk> of slaves ?
what is the name of the international law theory , grounded in jurisprudence <unk> by a sociological <unk> approach ?
purpose of telnet
what type of fossils showed the earliest evidence of cynodonts ?
who was also a second deputy chief of the general staff of the armed forces of the ussr ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
what kind of linguists do not like placing catalan in the <unk> category ?
what were thiazide antihypertensive drugs used with ?
in miles , what is the equivalent of 120 kilometres per hour ?
does age bring a greater or smaller desire to drink for pleasure rather than <unk> ?
what is the roman name for the south pole ?
the ancient nations , people and languages of the enhanced fertile crescent will always refer to what ?
what happens when all parts of a plant become infected ?
which coatings are usually <unk> of <unk> solutions of wax rubber ?
how did panama 's department stores originally end ?
what kind of camps do <unk> usually stay in ?
the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture is always a what process ?
what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
classifying the stages of what is important to mapping aspects of the amazon ?
<unk> need approximately five <unk> in order to be able to do what ?
when does nco status happen in all other branches of the us military ?
when was the first namibian vote held for president ?
what school model is sweden notable for ?
what feature of temples provided fresh drinking water ?
what country does the rhine empty ?
along with mili , <unk> and <unk> , what parts of the marshall islands were not occupied in the first three months of the american campaign ?
in what year were did the <unk> lose the battle of <unk> ?
the most <unk> <unk> ideas is found in the early <unk> of who ?
what did the melting of ice on gondwana add to ?
what are not necessarily binding in common law jurisdictions ?
what do the owners of more capital end up having ?
what did steve jobs introduce on january 24 , 1984 ?
the <unk> orders events according to their being in the past , present or future and in comparison to what else ?
where did the monks flee to ?
which <unk> mission in december 1974 was to be used for the <unk> ?
where did the <unk> mantra taken from <unk> come from ?
what was the main component of japanese sailor 's diet ?
how is the <unk> difference value slowly calculated ?
how are the initial <unk> of vhs vault collection dvds made after the initial <unk> ?
what is the name of the second generation of <unk> ?
who used cbs funds to finance his professional life ?
how many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry ?
what does <unk> use to determine plant categories ?
who first came up with the idea for a chinese satellite navigation system ?
what cause wives to be unable to move to the us with their chinese husbands after 1882 ?
how should populations long inhabiting separate parts of the world be considered ?
the grey cup goes to what championship ? will your
where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the ec treaty ?
what is suffering also called ?
the concordat of 1801 strengthened the position of which church as the majority church of france ?
what was the name of the polish revolutionary movement which the warsaw pact failed to suppress ?
a <unk> was found in the tomb of which pharaoh ?
what member enforced in 1970 ?
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
how economically forward has this area been ?
what are the two integer responses to a decision problem ?
what kind of style does the ice cream mandolin have ?
when did approach lighting come into use ?
where was one main concentration of humanism ?
what mission this canon law directly activities of all christians towards ?
where were legal wives usually kept ?
how many daily calories are recommended for a human adult ?
what religion is practiced by the vast majority of samoans ?
what was glover 's first single ?
how many german states were there before napoleon began to reduce their numbers ?
what is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other ??
the university was a founding force behind what conference ?
what became more common during the baroque era ?
in what country was the snes released ?
is residential architecture in melbourne defined by a single architectural style or an eclectic mix of buildings ?
who is considered to be the governor of nanjing ?
what has been the primary purpose of wood for <unk> other than fuel ?
stimulants lead humans to underestimate what ?
the grecian islands in the 14th century were under the control of who ?
what strip <unk> law were the council members trying to repeal ?
what happened days following the disaster ?
what number sets are used to show how subgroups can be seen as translations of the larger group ?
what features are emphasized in adult contemporary r&b music ?
what board refused to see sanskrit as an alternative option ?
what is the nickname given to grand central terminal ?
what position did moussa <unk> take on as a result of his success ?
what was the term of office for samoa 's first joint heads of state ?
when were the wars of religion fought ?
what types of governments were involved in creating rulers ?
what political response was convening in june/july <unk> ?
what does <unk> stimulation provide ?
what is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic turing machines ?
when was a study conducted of swedish counties ?
the royal mews houses which type of animal ?
what two cities were at war during this time ?
what property of knots does the amount of time a branch stayed on a tree while the stem kept growing affect ?
gautama buddha taught what path concept ?
what was classified in 2008 ?
what <unk> does the <unk> pass ?
what was a key political topic of the democratic labor party ?
who conceptualized the piston ?
how long did n't the store operate for ?
<unk> dogs to what people want is called what ?
in what year were the <unk> started ?
in what way are certain cultural devices more effective than others ?
what is called ' china 's hollywood ' ?
what are poor whites considered in brazil ?
what magazine said beyonce was the " world 's most beautiful woman " ?
destruction testing does what ?
which generation ipod was required to enjoy the new games available on itunes 7 ?
what year did sicily become ruled by the holy roman empire ?
what is kanye 's fifth album titled ?
what has a data rate between 20 and 200 ?
some say the testing field is ready for what ?
what kind of observations are made in and artificial environment ?
in which format does crosstalk generally not occur ?
what rare marine species can be found in the coastal areas of eritrea ?
what century did nasser rule in ?
who did <unk> remove from the police force ?
what treaty ended the wars of religion ?
why has botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether ?
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ?
which hungarian ruler was saved at the battle of varna ?
what was ascii <unk> to be ?
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ?
in what si unit is the capacitance reported on smaller capacitors ?
where is the farthest commercial crossing at the border ?
what is the basic organizational unit of freemasonry ?
who produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ?
how would you place the conductor in relation to the signal you wished to obtain ?
what did john calvin claim jesus could have done ?
songhai and tuaregs both complain about what same issue towards each other ?
what year did the studio sign gloria durbin ?
what did <unk> represent better than anyone else ?
in which point did the drainage basin of the amazon split ?
how many days on average does nyc get sunshine annually ?
in what year was the douglas company renamed as <unk> douglas ?
what kind of restaurants are widely known in south tuscon ?
when was the antikythera mechanism discovered ?
avoiding the strength of ottoman trade was accomplished with the discovery of what ?
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ?
who was the leader of the continent when world war ii started ?
what company purchased horne 's in 1972 ?
what were the meetings called that were hosted by constantine that helped enforce orthodoxy by imperial authority ?
what is the name of the regiment that frequently served as napoleon 's escort ?
what has been used in musical theater on broadway ?
how long was there a greek influence represented in " little " africa ?
what was the minimum hourly wage in sichuan on december 28 , 2007 ?
what part of the organ is not connected or playable ?
what is the main religion of raleigh ?
patriarch cardinals are not given what title ?
what river forms in the tennessee valley ?
what are less common languages spoken ?
what is not regarded as an integral part of the general principles of eu law ?
a war with the ussr was n't considered certain according to whom ?
arnold j toynbee believed what ?
what makes the definition of a jew vary slightly ?
who gets to interview and question prospective board members ?
what became an issue for the working child ?
what type of medicine did otachi focus on ?
what event produced further adaptations during the jurassic and cretaceous periods ?
a jury in what state sentenced demarcus sears to death ?
what did missionaries cause to become law in 1996 ?
when was the west germany revolution ?
greece 's multiple governments came together in what year ?
what is the name of the <unk> center opened in 2007 ?
what do some birds of prey specialize on ?
what started this practice in 2003 ?
what kind of climate does tel aviv have ?
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ?
how many solder " balls " does a ball grid array have ?
when is guinea-bissau warm ?
when did deaths begin increasing ?
when did van <unk> become the chief executive ?
how are the king and queen of <unk> chosen ?
who did richard <unk> criticize ?
what is the high court in scotland that has supremacy on criminal matters ?
in what country is normandy located ?
what event was organized by chicago 's department of cultural affairs to celebrate house music ?
what happened to some expressions in <unk> 's writing ?
what can a host 's immune system do to a host ?
what kind of company is sky uk limited ?
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ?
how much of nigeria has hiv as of 2012 ?
romance languages are the primary language of which family ?
in what year was the album cry like a rainstorm , howl like the wind released ?
who 's lack of concern helped the mongols jump at a chance to reclaim their old vassal of tibet ?
what caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ?
the 2009 supreme court case which had the city of new haven versus who ?
when was the main theme of spectre made available in digital format ?
what notable historical figure was involved in the motion picture trust ?
in what country was the world cup played in 1974 ?
what restriction was placed on tumbling in 1997 ?
what other cultures are said to be separated by space , what is actually meant ?
cpus that are constructed on a single integrated circuit are called what ?
by what percentage did the population of southampton increase from 1996 to 2004 ?
when was there not much anti arab feeling in iran ?
what is one of the schools a juris <unk> <unk> attends ?
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ?
if one computer model turns out correct , by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ?
what never happens in the council of jerusalem ?
when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in poland ?
what kinds of courses are n't offered to students who are not experiencing academic success ?
what negative consequence did the people 's committees lead to ?
in what year was thalidomide banned in germany ?
where was the fatal june 19th riots ?
what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality ?
what do herbivores have to digest animal prey ?
what happened when methods of the iroquois confederacy were introduced to the ottoman empire ?
what year did " jack your body " hit # 1 in the uk ?
what is a notable company based in plymouth ?
which part of greece is the most visited ?
what type of services were offered in somali , <unk> , and <unk> ?
who was the biggest artist that cbs had ?
who does the us share water borders with in the northwest ?
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
what theories have always been refuted ?
what is elizabeth 's sisters name ?
what is melborne 's main metropolitan train terminus ?
along with mosylon , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , what city-state flourished in ancient somalia ?
what major event happened in alaska on march 27 , 1946 killing 133 people ?
where is the oklahoma school of science and mathematics located ?
how many characters are in <unk> ?
latin and chinese writing were similar to what texts ?
where was representative roger <unk> from ?
how are christians referenced today in japan ?
why did this occur ?
where were native americans forced to live after they lost their land ?
what is the name of buy 's film program facility ?
what did <unk> nova create the sabre dance for ?
what flag <unk> china was displayed in 1949 ?
what was developed by carl von <unk> and william <unk> ?
what was something used to maximize the impact of the <unk> crisis ?
who was the first president of the ipcc ?
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior ?
who still could handle the structural calculations for designing at that time ?
what lives with ritteri sea anemones ?
what does compiling components as windows runtime make possible ?
what does the abbreviation oecd shrink to ?
in what year did san diego officially become a city ?
what does the <unk> stand for ?
<unk> is what kind of organization ?
where was the burial site used for testing located ?
who was against the divine right of kings in england during the fifteenth century ?
during which season were there 100 premier league representatives in the association ?
what type of hospital is the gesamtschule ?
when did locke publish his ideas ?
what was established in 1913 ?
where is sanskrit usually found ?
how many of new york 's boroughs would be counted among the united states ' ten most populated cities if they were independent ?
what was the first greek opera ?
by comparing repetitive dna , what can scientists understand the history of ?
in what year did nasser and <unk> agree to end the lebanon crisis ?
what year did the imf turn down a <unk> <unk> <unk> m ( us$ 100m ) enhanced structural <unk> facility ?
in what year was the god 's house tower built ?
what was the naval base called ?
what do canadian bowl teams battle for ?
according to liebman , about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1988 and 1999 ?
how many christians were in the world in 1910 ?
why did members of the clergy oppose the use of <unk> ?
vessels of what navy protected <unk> ?
what continent did this revival take place on ?
what kind of experiments required over four times the bandwith of a sdtv broadcast ?
what era contains the oldest records of written estonia works ?
what does the decline in value of the dollar correspond to ?
what model id used to calculate energy levels of hydrogen ?
what does mrap stand for ?
the lordship of the isle of man was purchased by america in what year ?
what type of royal institute members are required to use the organization 's acronym after their names ?
how many semesters of courses are offered by washington university school of law ?
what do the letters identify in a bulb shape designation ?
what kind of predictions were made during the 12th century ?
what country emerged as the pre-eminent power , due to its navy and the extent of its territories ?
what animal can its feeding habits disturbed by the <unk> <unk> ?
what is the only form potential energy can change into ?
how many crop seasons are there in rajasthan ?
according to the wealth concentration theory , what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ?
what league did the <unk> shock join after the 2015 season ?
on what day does the essentials have its first airing each week ?
what originally formed the tuvalu islands ?
the heian period was known for what types of art ?
how was the planck constant calculated in the early 20th century ?
what did the digimon pets originally start out as ?
who founded the hudson river <unk> <unk> and the <unk> festival to bring attention to the pollution caused by ge ?
what is the temperature like year around in the desert ?
what type of life is more metabolically diverse than extinction ?
does the amount of time adolescents spend on work and leisure vary from culture to culture or <unk> relatively constant ?
what was the taft <unk> case ?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ?
what country produced the kao gong ji ?
when did <unk> do his <unk> on chopin ?
which indie band said beyonce was an inspiration for one of <unk> albums ?
what condition is characterized by loose and <unk> <unk> in <unk> ?
when did low saxon stop being part of the estonian language ?
what purpose can rooms not be rented at the royal institute 's building ?
plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what ?
what maps an encoding ?
what city is north of <unk> ?
what against did metzinger and gleizes write du " <unk> " ?
where was yeltsin during the coup ?
what architectural style was the rice house designed in ?
how many companies did a judge say infringed on dr. <unk> 's prior red light patent in 2015 ?
who was in charge when the reforms was going on ?
in which year was the proposal for a new league <unk> ?
what defines photo metric data ?
what is the term for the head of china 's government ?
how many people visit the alps every year ?
in what year were there <unk> priests in the dominican order ?
what contributed to the arabian oryx rise from extinct to vulnerable ?
what was one noble thing the poor szlachta did ?
how many <unk> communists were purged in the <unk> trial ?
when were the <unk> mountains captured by the rhine ?
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
in what part of kathmandu is the institute of medicine found ?
what subdivision was associated with the land ?
what isotope of uranium has the least stability ?
what is are the main themes of present-day botany ?
did the rand corporation retain any of the research ?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ?
how many species of iranian wildlife are listed by the iucn as endangered ?
what king of macedon aided the pirate demetrius of <unk> ?
in what year did the war end ?
at what event did the major central powers assert their conditions at the end of the war ?
the diesel train can save energy by <unk> what ?
why is there no difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines ?
to what position was malenkov demoted ?
who was responsible for 2/3 of all recordings in the 1930s ?
when did namibia receive funding from usaid ?
what is the first example of genetic novelty ?
how are the differences in engineering recognized ?
what <unk> event is held annually in mission bay ?
how many restaurants are there today in paris ?
what usage that causes worker damage have some countries been reported doing ?
what was the possible cause for napoleon 's death suggested in a 1961 nature paper ?
what was <unk> 's first single ?
<unk> , self-esteem , and <unk> relate to what ?
who was the first warsaw president ?
the structure of the university of paris served as what for other universities ?
what is the highest age of students on ku 's edwards campus ?
in which state is dell the sixth smallest company ?
how many parts did the gregorian reform have ?
what sacred texts are some of the oldest in india ?
where did kerry and <unk> meet ?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one ?
what type of properties are not ideal for gas in a light bulb ?
what sea borders egypt to the east ?
what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2011 report ?
who began to experiment with <unk> flights in 1933 ?
what has been northwestern 's official color since 1822 ?
when were the bells overhauled ?
who did white <unk> import before the reconstruction era ?
other than warships , what ships typically required high speeds ?
who was <unk> <unk> ?
who was the founder of the arena football league ?
by <unk> , what percentage of players in the premier league were from outside the uk and ireland ?
what is the period of the gupta empire called ?
what did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ?
what is the name of one of their vegetables ?
when did anthropologists stop looking for cultures far away and instead began to " look across the tracks " ?
who stated a change of the length of the rhine ?
what have the swiss been under pressure from the eu to do in terms of tax rates ?
did they have daily quotas for cotton ?
what were pubs licensed in 1780 named ?
what is the general materialistic view of an object ?
what type of powers should have actual influence throughout the scope of the prevailing international system ?
what is the name of the book written by anton <unk> <unk> ?
through whom did the general masses have access to the divine ?
what was featured on <unk> in june 2009 for creating classroom activities and lessons ?
some airfield runways were painted green during what war ?
where do many <unk> translation theories <unk> for concepts ?
what religion led to architectural changes in many asian countries ?
from what empire did students come from to attend university ?
what kind of laws are not given statutory citation by the <unk> ?
since the start of the war on terrorism , attacks on us service members have occurred in which two us states ?
in what year was the act of abjuration signed ?
to what did the use of sanskrit as a upper class language produce a resistance ?
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ?
how many songs are on the take me out to a cubs game album ?
<unk> inc. was acquired in what year ?
what is the slowest growing corridor ?
what do plants release through their stem ?
young mothers get no child support from whom ?
when did the narvaez expedition explore florida ?
what is the constraint on how shareholders distribute funds called ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
which biology theory did foucault say supported the police ?
where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split ?
which magazine wrote about youtube in a 2009 article on user comments ?
where does tucson hold nascar races ?
what claimed that inflation and the federal reserve were linked ?
what is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?
in this era of <unk> and social media , on what are fans now less dependent ?
when was bskyb 's digital service launched ?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ?
who is classified as romantic , but also uses counterpoint and <unk> ?
what university did sir samuel <unk> contribute to the creation of ?
what office is in charge of collecting foreign intelligence ?
what year was the football world cup final in bern ?
what country sent their military to protect their interests in samoa ?
how many strings did the cremonese mandolin have ?
who was the first war between in <unk> bc ?
what were library members known as ?
after 1945 , what challenged the french empire ?
primates have a visual processing network of how many brain areas ?
how many slaves ended up staying on the island after being freed ?
how many years ago was plymouth college of art founded ?
who was the first to discover deuterium ?
which main feature was removed in windows 8 ?
what languages do tibetans in sichuan speak ?
what was n't the topic of the everson v. board of education ?
what are today 's big environmental problems ?
which oblast was broken up in 1943 ?
where is the public not legally allowed to vote ?
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ?
whose game did parker brothers model the board game after ?
what was the result for <unk> companies attempting to conduct business in burma ?
how many people like in the uk ?
what type of doctor program is offered at byu ?
what religions does nigeria have besides the top two ?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year ?
which area in the city contains 19th & 20th century as well as modern structures ?
how many huguenots were in france in the early 18th century ?
who did n't vote in 2004 ?
what do uses rely on youtube to flag ?
what type of dell media has appeared on tv , on the internet , and in magazines ?
how old was gloria jean in 1939 ?
people of what ethnicity settled in the balkan peninsula ?
what is the traditional name of the marshall islands ?
what was primarily damaged in the attacks ?
who described slaves as <unk> ?
who created an office to study these effects ?
what do some community pharmacies do ?
who <unk> most of madonna 's album tracks ?
what religion did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ?
in which of dante 's works was virgil a guide through hell and <unk> ?
along with the silver star , what amtrak line no longer runs to miami ?
what is the largest single jurisdiction of freemasonry ?
which italian cathedral displays <unk> marble and mosaic on the floor ?
what reached bermuda in 1903 ?
what kind of climate is <unk> of southern europe ?
how many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned ?
what was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period ?
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
what do wildlife <unk> regulate ?
give one example of linear transformation .
what does the " <unk> forms " section of code points encompass ?
over which new haven river does <unk> cross on the east side ?
what does <unk> mean ?
drilling must be low rpm and high feed to be what ?
who was granted patent no. <unk> ?
what are the most popular religions in nigeria ?
what is structural geology ?
at low density , what is expected of strange matter ?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ?
an 1830 <unk> was written about chopin by what man ?
<unk> the electrostatic and magnetic force <unk> as the sum of ?
which television station finds its home at notre dame ?
<unk> is equated to what ?
who detonated the bomb in 1995 ?
what can time savings help people do ?
rotation matrix groups are utilized in computer graphics with what concept ?
what was the name of the dutch company in charge of transportation and storage ?
what is the boston accent known as ?
was the rand corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the air force ?
how many liberians fled to the united states during the civil war ?
what career did joan lose ?
what did <unk> parties expect new members to give assistance for ?
in what area of the us can one find the presidential library system libraries ?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in rich countries ?
how was jesus <unk> before he was crucified ?
what band was formed after public image ltd ?
what was the riba library 's first address ?
were aborigines allowed to vote ?
how many victorians are buddhist ?
what context should the evolution of the armenian language be viewed within ?
what family includes party on an old persian ?
in which village did frederic first experience rural polish folk music ?
what type of alloys become soft and brittle ?
the group of animals that can detect magnetic fields is what ?
in what year was a hydraulic facility established ?
where did patent law originate ?
what kind of tale was <unk> lo blanc ?
who brought catholicism to the united states ?
what kind of properties does coulomb 's law have ?
around what time did ancient indian philosophy reject materialism ?
how close do the issues have to be in order for an english law to be used ?
what was the administration which governed the city of london called ?
what are customers seeking when they visit restaurants or taverns ?
what was ireland 's police force not called ?
what are suggested , rather than explicitly realized ?
along with the ukrainian soviet socialist republic and <unk> soviet socialist republic , what state joined russia to form the soviet union ?
name a type of toyota compact trucks ?
what two seasons in the nba not playing europe and asia ?
what is another name for poj ?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking less of in the future ?
what type of motor has three independent multiphase winding sets ?
what am station plays country music ?
where do ipcc reports get their information ?
it is easy to draw a clear line between what ?
who occupied the red sea coast during the last <unk> period ?
in which year did apple top sales of <unk> ipods ?
where do <unk> bacteria come from ?
in 1986 , how much was the four year deal worth ?
what is canada 's national alliance of 11 <unk> schools called ?
where did the film apron strings receive critical acclaim and attention in 2011 ?
what material is on a direct metal <unk> disc ?
who is hanover expected to lose to at the battle of <unk> ?
what act was drafted to ban the killing of only antelope ?
what two continents has the nba never played a preseason gaming ?
chomsky stated that matter is not affected by what ?
what does the weight of the largest metropolitan areas tend to do ?
what did nasser want to deny <unk> ?
which <unk> theologian says that god can not approach <unk> spirits to redeem them ?
proto-slavic is sometimes referred to as what ?
what is the name of harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
what novel concept was introduced at the end of the 19th century ?
what was the goal of congress ?
when were birds last seen in <unk> national park ?
what type of irrigation is used in the great plains ?
in what country was john lofting born ?
what did goethe call the color gray ?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
how does the prey improve their evolutionary abilities through predator-prey interaction ?
where are browsers located ?
what makes energy changes in a closed system ?
what product of uranium was n't used as <unk> ?
the appalachian system is bordered on the southwest and south by what ?
what did amendment 36 change in nebraska ?
how is the wind industry in the uk able to produce more power at lower cost ?
what number of king of britain was george iii ?
during the 18th century , what did european fiction evolve toward ?
what were the small scales in <unk> called ?
oklahoma was the only state where which presidential candidate won no counties twice ?
the united states has frequent <unk> and widespread what ?
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ?
the president said the u.s. would be joining how many donor nations ?
what school document had no impact on the standards of the board for <unk> ?
which power is extremely common in modern democratic atmosphere ?
what does the car get help with with regards to communication from <unk> ?
what actually caused the plague ?
which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today , and have occurred throughout earth 's history ?
what did houston focus on after the 1990s recession to improve its economy ?
what cricket club was formed in the 18th century ?
how much precipitation does juneau receive each month ?
when was the non-muslim brotherhood founded ?
what is a distinguishing aspect of indian federalism ?
who argued that european universities and islamic madaris have very little in common ?
since what year has tourism been ongoing to antarctica ?
hunter-gatherers would never flourish over the what ?
explorers in the employ of what nation discovered the azores ?
what was the plos pathogens paper about ?
in what year was tuvalu discovered by a european ?
what year did estonia 's basketball team first compete in the summer olympics
along with faith hill , shania twain and <unk> <unk> , what country artist has had adult contemporary hits ?
what is the official language of nigeria ?
in lieu of <unk> , what grave markers are used at drake memorial park ?
what is the length of the <unk> motorway ?
what will bain capital seek to use watson for in this acquisition ?
webcomics reach large audiences and old what ?
what gathering is the work of the <unk> school of theatre ?
in 1962 , who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations ?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
who fought a guerrilla war against the soviets ?
what do torts lead to ?
what is speed limit for railways ?
how many miles is catalina highway ?
who owns the rail lines in victoria ?
what method did tennessee use for capital punishment before 1913 ?
what is a developing field of time related study ?
during battles of the 1600 and 1700 's , the greeks usually fought against who ?
what are dart frogs are known to secrete ?
what are two companies that make ipod accessories ?
how many campus buildings are candidates for <unk> design and certification ?
what does <unk> protocol <unk>
how many species of mammals do not have a live birth ?
what did bell think was wrong with the bed , which prevented his machine from finding the bullet ?
other than max weber , who was a notable influence to hayek 's statements regarding resource distribution ?
what caused ancient texts to be rediscovered by byzantine scholars ?
in what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ?
when did the legislative assembly of norfolk island vote regarding the proposed chinese reforms ?
where did nintendo provide a limited number of twilight princess <unk> ?
what year did walker retire ?
what is the largest home internet provider in the world ?
in which region tribe were large settlements discovered ?
who did not champion the idea drawn from dionysus ?
where do the animal comic characters sometimes continue to appear ?
who were loyal to japan ?
what institution of higher education is colloquially known as <unk> ?
what is the least benefit of using paperfoam over traditional <unk> ?
which organization oversees amateur canadian football ?
when did herter die ?
what year did the cbc begin contributing funds to the show doctor who ?
victoria blamed gladstone for the life of who ?
what paradox is formed when a person has free will ?
the words from which the name " quran " might be described are related to which act ?
how many immigrants came to russia from 1809 to 1918 ?
when was the treaty of alliance with france rejected ?
the word slav could be derived from what middle english word ?
who provides cloud services ?
what was the former name of the comcast building , location of ge 's main offices ?
what is one of the least important open questions in theoretical computer science ?
what reached their final positions during the eocene ?
who was a host on all seasons of american idol ?
how is a unique blue made ?
where was virgil 's father born ?
which island is home to the fire academy in nyc ?
the <unk> defeated the russians at what battle to take over <unk> ?
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality ?
along with west hoe and <unk> , where was middle devonian limestone <unk> in the region ?
how much water is necessary to result in this darkening affect ?
what is n't some controversy about ?
what was the name of the strategic bombing of north vietnam ?
what word do many social scientists instead of race ?
when can the frame size or frame rate parameter specification be dropped ?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
if the paper is not to be used in the web printing process , what is done ?
what acoustic element could be distorted by different audio settings in ipods prior to 2007 ?
what appeared to be very concerned with the industrial proletariat ?
who was the hostage ?
what problem caused the papal brief granting the right to publish to be withdrawn ?
<unk> <unk> won in what championship league ?
what was used as a conversion between the two main frame/field rates ?
what 's one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world ?
which candidate <unk> into third place , following the iowa caucuses ?
what is the biological interaction where a predator feeds on its prey called ?
what is the smallest standard paper size ?
what is a dog 's responses to stimuli known as ?
by <unk> the arsenal team kit exactly , what nickname was given to sporting clube de braga ?
how does the expression of genes encoded in dna begin ?
how many blues did democritus describe ?
what is southern california often abbreviated as ?
who owned the detroit drive in this period ?
on what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation ?
in what year did new york become the united states capital ?
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience ?
what did nasser call king hussein ?
when did bskyb become the largest us television company ?
what stopped a currency crisis ?
which system is also known as companion or <unk> ?
what is obsidian used for ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
how did the nixon administration negotiate with the uncooperative countries ?
presbyterians had to distinguished between " church " and " meeting house " what was " church " referring too ?
what was consumption originally called ?
why is a second meter usually unnecessary to monitor electricity use ?
how far from czerniakow does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ?
what location does <unk> <unk> refer to ?
what is the goal of the buddhist path ?
when did jewish law recognize copyright ?
what is <unk> also known as ?
what does article 10 of the berne convention call certain uses that limit copyright ?
what two elements have <unk> <unk> that are exactly identical ?
when did nigeria start <unk> its healthcare system ?
what is the oldest know fossil among the <unk> group ?
until what year did the repression of the ubda last ?
what is a third level of crime that some states have adopted ?
in what century did the carnival become an organized event ?
who did landowner sell to during the georgian period ?
what kind of trees have about 30 % hemicellulose ?
what is the threat that extreme temperature causes in environment ?
what is the foundation of the us constitution ?
what type of people does nanjing draw because of its culture ?
what makes a plant <unk> ?
what continent has 70 % of the worlds ice ?
who did the queen condemn in the indian rebellion ?
what services did mary perform in the eastern church ?
what do some branches share in common ?
who did the mongols give control of korea ?
kanye , <unk> , and rage against the machine refused to perform in what state due to a new law against illegal aliens ?
which theology did everyone agree science was a part of in the 19th century ?
where did rejection from governmental and religious groups come from ?
where would the decision to change the definition of the kilogram have occured at the earliest ?
what does oleg do to his horse ?
what was the median age of non-hispanic whites in 2008 ?
how is a <unk> different from an igfet ?
in what year did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ?
during what decade did rock and roll music first rise to popularity ?
when was sir charles lyell born ?
what war did swaziland loose in the 19th century ?
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?
what publication announced the platinum equity business deal ?
what type of producer was frankie knuckles ?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5 , then , according to fermat 's theorem , what type of decimal will 1/p always be ?
who <unk> its regular schedule every night ?
what is defined as a way of filtering network data between a host or network and another network ?
how many teams were relegated from the premier league in 1995 ?
what was the name of the legislation passed in 1850 ?
what are single prey species always well suited for ?
who claimed constantinople would cut off grain supplies ?
the author 's ideas would later influence what well known philosopher ?
how were the semi-finalists split up to perform in seasons two and three ?
when was the first session of the second vatican council held ?
who was to conduct the ensemble that would supervise the title screen ?
what did pope piux xii do on october 11 ?
where is one place where one of the inland forts can be found ?
who held authority over roman catholic holy places after sultan <unk> i agreed to the new treaty ?
what year did southampton set the record high temperature for june ?
st. barts is considered a <unk> for whom ?
what has declined in the recent years on st. john 's ?
what could not remain flat in absolute space ?
<unk> is also known as what ?
what company has the right to all recordings from contestants on american idol ?
the historic center and the floating gardens are both examples of what ?
what is the site of <unk> called now ?
what is another example of a lossless format other than apple lossless ?
what is the best for an recieving antenna for optimum reception ?
what does the 5th amendment protect against ?
what was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century ?
what can clubs do if they feel that a punishment was not harsh enough ?
during what month did frederic move to warsaw with his family ?
what region of the philippines has a large muslim population ?
who knows nothing about the gold state coach ?
what region does the foreign and commonwealth office of united kingdom not recognize ?
what type of <unk> does have than any other largely populated city ?
when asthma is caused by <unk> that is called what ?
what do weak labor movement correlate with ?
what is one of the least prominent forms of chinese opera ?
what are two main department stores in france ?
what was the first <unk> station called ?
what are the two main religions ?
an act or lack <unk> can not be made legal under what law even if made legal under internal law ?
what was gaddafi 's nationality ?
who proposed an evolutionary concept of the gene as a unit of natural selection ?
what does recent research from 2006 avoid ?
what was the last century fo estonia 's finnic language ?
how many domain samples are taken during encoding ?
what is a game whose enemies have more rudimentary programming than those in twilight princess ?
what natural product can be used to control pests ?
how many children were born per woman in 2014 ?
approximately how many people attend church services on byu 's campus ?
who became the duke of brittany ?
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
which u.s. department ignored the allegations ?
what is the second airport that serves texas ?
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ?
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ?
what type of science are making a calendar and finding <unk> for diseases a part of ?
when was montreal not captured ?
in what year did new haven host the special olympic summer world games ?
who was president in 1793 ?
when did code pleading get replaced by modern notice pleading ?
plants lack what kind of immune cells ?
which class of people founded the madaris during the medieval period ?
what is the danger to using copper for things such as counter tops and hand rails ?
for how long was the interest rate of sumerian loans consistent ?
what type of process is used to produce most paper used in paperback books ?
what state has had only a double execution ?
what is lacking in the arrangement of the quranic text ?
what program interviewed queen on 22 september 2010 ?
what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1927 ?
what character was smith known for portraying ?
james bennett <unk> wrote what ?
what was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ?
the concept of guild was superior to what theory ?
in what year was the times ' travel magazine first sold ?
who first dubbed the british parliament the " mother of parliaments ? "
who used <unk> a lot ?
at the end of the carboniferous period what did the <unk> diverge from that led to today 's reptiles and birds ?
employment on the island is dominated by what sector ?
what did bismarck consider social insurance programs to be ?
how many south korean national <unk> pledged their allegiance to seoul ?
what did avicenna fear about stating his theories on biology more clearly ?
what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias <unk> ?
how much of the university 's total annual electric bill is represented by the green power commitment ?
what is the most prevalent type of climate <unk> ?
where is the continental ranch planned community ?
what are the <unk> aircraft in the usaf usually deployed in support for ?
what else did victoria do to try to return her former public image ?
what percentage of san francisco 's residents rely on their automobile as a primary source of transportation ?
what is an example of a school of thought hegel believed to be wrong ?
what university opened a satellite campus in the detroit medical center ?
what was the name of napoleon 's family home ?
what is the main industry in cork ?
how many families lived in raleigh in 2000 ?
gandhi often referenced shelley 's poem in his efforts to do what ?
what was the original name of the golf channel ?
how many museums are in the <unk> palace ?
what is an example of a system that uses the orange book standards ?
what were temporary soldiers known as ?
who came up with the term , " ultraviolet catastrophe " ?
green and what color are represented on the flag of scotland ?
what happened with the <unk> glaciation ended ?
what date was the fourth assessment report published ?
how did the egyptian people feel about nasser 's response to the attack ?
what does the eastern catholic church use orange to represent ?
when did the normans attack dyrrachium ?
in former ntsc countries , what frame rate does sdtv operate at ?
how close was time <unk> in the day of the gospels ?
how many binary <unk> hydrides are known ?
who was the last emperor of the han dynasty ?
what year did the international astronomical union define the word planet ?
tumor antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens ?
in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act rejected ?
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
when did the scholar project begin ?
in what country other than france did dutch lose most of it usage in the 19th century ?
what form is 1/4 of zinc used in the ukraine ?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
where did feynman find success before moving to quantum gravity
what fibers does the summer 's section of <unk> have more of ?
who sets teaching times ?
in 1948 , what general assembly resolution established universal acceptance as a prosecutable act ?
which river <unk> partly in tennessee provided the most fertile land for cotton production ?
what does cyprus rank in terms of size in the mediterranean ?
what is the name for a problem that meets ladner 's assertion ?
what did d. michael explain in " the english journal ? "
what institution is in charge of samoa 's currency ?
what is the name of one wrestler who acts like a <unk> character ?
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ?
what drives the smaller acceptance of renewable energy technologies ?
what does new zealand have ?
popper 's thoughts on falsification present a solution to the philosophical problem concerning what type of scientific reasoning ?
when was the <unk> duchy reincorporated into the polish crown ?
what was alfred <unk> <unk> concerned about ?
where does north carolina state university men 's wrestling compete ?
when are irish vowels written differently ?
what algae is the ancestor of true plants ?
what step of the bare board manufacture would be impossible if panels were n't always used ?
who wrote the grammar book in 1637 ?
how did apple 's profit margin on the lower cost mac 's compare to the profit margin <unk> models ?
what event did david henige believe might have happened instead of a solar eclipse ?
what wars resulted in iran losing control of the caucasus to the russians ?
what is the name of the famous mausoleum in nanjing ?
bell implemented gray 's design as a what ?
what kind of oversight does the separation of powers help to promote ?
morris <unk> became ceo in what year ?
why were early mammals active in the morning ?
what university was <unk> <unk> associated with ?
to what type of theater are the two <unk> live venues in seattle associated ?
who considered themselves a separate nation since the 16th century
what type of goddess is isis ?
when did virgil 's reputation as a great magician begin ?
what is the name of the <unk> game in the times ?
to whom did the vestal answer ?
what type of climate stop reinforced from spreading across the continent ?
how did lermontov <unk> russian literature ?
who were the <unk> ?
what area of commerce did estonia need to expand ?
what did the ipcc say was mistaken ?
what characters does multilingual processors use ?
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the <unk> ?
where is the location of the temple where mary heard <unk> prophecy ?
where is the central african republic located ?
what is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
what is the main driver of reduced costs ?
what elections saw the defeat of sirleaf ?
why did they decide not to fund abortion
what describes when a builder does n't ask for adequate safeguards ?
where is catalan the only official language ?
are students taught spanish in american schools ?
what was the child 's name ?
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
how many residents of seville died of plague in 1649 ?
in what year was interest renewed in the rule of law within the general assembly ?
what can hydrogen <unk> lead to ?
what was abolished in <unk> ?
when did shell acknowledge responsibility for the environmental issues ?
how many khitan tumens were n't there ?
when did the 5th dalai lama gain political control over tibet ?
according to <unk> , what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1976 and 1991 ?
where was the less popular trading center for the ottoman empire ?
what services were finally online again ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , what may they then do ?
what area is known for having the majority of the trade ?
what year was the creation of the kiev metropolis ?
what were bats originally used for in europe ?
to what date has cotton been dated ?
in what year was the edict of nantes revoked ?
what was the name of alonso de salazar 's ship ?
what is engineering news-record ?
what is a fully maturing technology which offer a ready disposal <unk> ?
in what shape did timur leave the city of delhi ?
what are gold and silver coins valuable for now adays ?
what is date of the battle of swienta ?
which subsistence strategy started with the neolithic revolution ?
when did part of spain separate from the netherlands ?
what market value were other silver coins traded in relation to ?
what were the old west 's local police options ?
what is the samkhya name for consciousness ?
why have some <unk> <unk> shortened their return migration ?
how many original <unk> were sold in japan between 2002 and 2005 ?
what newspaper was feynman never featured in ?
what is one way to classify birds ?
who pushed ahead with setting up a scottish assembly ?
who is the most outspoken supporter of the church in france ?
when did microsoft decide to appeal the ruling ?
what is the highest resolution of video supported by youtube ?
to what language family does arabic belong ?
what color are white grapes ?
could events in the roman republic often include music ?
who completed the last latin version of the quran ?
what does classical music convey in movies and television ?
was france 's 819 line system in color ?
what percentage of people in the 19th arrondissement lived below the poverty line ?
where is columbia university located ?
how many indians helped build the infrastructure ?
what was the most notable accomplishment of the gurjara pratihara empire ?
where was the site of the hemudu and liangzhu cultures ?
what <unk> <unk> favored the catholic church ?
how far above sea level is mecca ?
by what category is bow hunting regulated ?
how long after the national academy of science 's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur ?
who is praised for providing a clear definition of <unk> ?
which border does the rhine flow from the north ?
what are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ?
when did the division of cyborg anthropology originate ?
when did brazil reject federalism ?
what area is directly north and south of the 38th parallel ?
whose work most notably influenced hayek 's argument regarding resource distribution ?
what do the auricles do ?
what were said to have been caused by government policy failures ?
the earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in california ?
which website publishes the well known " freshman guide " ?
what could the prophet laozi offer in return for the confession of sins ?
other than infrared light , what type of light is responsible for heating the earth ?
who suggested that the ratio of silver to dollars should be fixed ?
what are editors trying to ultimately stop ?
what is the abbreviation for " very low human development "
what word roots in the 19th century were rejected in favor of words with more common slavic roots ?
what does salafism in its harshest form discourage its followers to view the religion of others with ?
what cotton products did british law mandate that india was allowed to sell ?
what world event caused the end of claridge 's company ?
in 2001 , campaigners petitioned whom ?
what type of latin was likely spoken in rome ?
what twelfth century empire had roughly the same extent as ancient greece 's ?
whose work , <unk> , is considered to be the first example of modern lyric poetry ?
what is the ratio between muscle and fat among <unk> boys ?
where is estonia located in northern europe ?
what do armies tend to have in depth ?
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
who passed the osborne judgment ?
what company was dissolved before the indian rebellion ?
which group formed in 1707 after ministers <unk> from the church of scotland ?
with education reforms in the 19th century what did this lead to in alsace ?
what is the focus of the congo 's industrial production ?
what are two billion people in the world deficient in ?
who was mehmed 's successor ?
what kind of distinction is lacking between social and cultural anthropology ?
who played indiana jones ?
what is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ?
which season was diana degarmo on ?
what mountain range in eastern sichuan contains the highest point of the province ?
what programs do isps use to eavesdrop on the fbi ?
what is an example of a highest court not being specifically called a supreme court ?
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ?
when did marvel become licensed to distribute in the uk ?
what to galician 's call themselves in their language ?
how many tons of carbon are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ?
what forest is to the western sahara ?
the chinese coverage of torch relay events has been accused by western reporters as being what ?
chopin was the first person to create what as singular concert pieces ?
during which century did matisse work ?
what was martin parry 's role in the ipcc ?
who was the construction engineer known as ?
who was frederic chopin ?
what is the primary purpose of the portuguese armed forces ?
in what year did the washington university school of medicine partner with <unk> hospital ?
which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ?
how are <unk> connections made
which countries did the second sino-japanese war encompass ?
who defeated babur 's son in 1540 ?
what arrived in the <unk> region during the second <unk> bce ?
in pcleds method , a fraction of what light is never used ?
what is it called when a person 's vocal cords stay open after a consonant ?
who was the founder of rationalism ?
the <unk> has sex chromosomes more related to which other <unk> ?
how many votes did bush sr. receive in the electoral <unk> 16 years before ?
what performs bidirectional data translation between two standards ?
when were the technical rules for the <unk> version of men 's rhythmic gymnastics formed ?
what did british officers maintain whole corps of ?
what process can cause beer to have a 55 % abv ?
what year did the blackstone group express interest in acquiring ibm ?
who directed the movie stella in 1955 ?
what did law that limit smoking accomplish ?
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system ?
where did most of the curonians flee to in 1958 ?
the umayyad dynasty made mosaic making do what in the islamic culture ?
what year was <unk> line <unk> replaced ?
where did the great awakenings increase interest in evangelicalism ?
in what years would you find electronic recordings played <unk> ?
in which year did feynman <unk> the caltech commencement speech ?
according to rule of law who is not subject to the law ?
what device seperated the black and white and color signals in laserdiscs ?
when was the neanderthal 's genome sequenced ?
who said , " countries that aspire to strategic local influence have aircraft carriers " ?
what year was <unk> v defeated ?
how many french catholics were there in 1598 ?
when did el <unk> herald stay in miami ?
what was stored away from the temples ?
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs what function in relationship to y ?
who first developed consumer hd television with a 5:3 aspect ratio ?
different cultures have evolved various ways of making whatever for ?
what are the symmetry groups utilized as a part of the standard model particle physics ?
how fast does the elevator drop down ?
who lost the first and second cups ?
how far back do the first written records of estonia 's finnic languages go ?
what type of heritage architecture is mainly displayed in hyderabad ?
from what old germanic word is <unk> originate ?
up until what century was avicenna 's work highly influential ?
drama is sometimes blended with what other elements ?
how many pieces of legislation has the social charter not become the basis for ?
when did separatists become powerful in puritanism ?
what are the intended products of our current educational process ?
what is the lower thermal boundary layer called ?
besides constant flooding , why else was there regulation of the rhine ?
what is the proper term for circumcision ?
what helped with better fuse setting ?
when was the brotherhood first accepted in egypt ?
who <unk> on a mission to lake vostok in 2008 ?
when was an oath requiring militia to <unk> the <unk> of the pope not replaced ?
who is microsofts ceo ?
what language is ?
at what location did the incident leading to west 's second arrest take place ?
what institution of <unk> was established with great britain ?
why did long <unk> develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms ?
who set up what became the second polish republic ?
what is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ?
how many people were killed in the cairo riots ?
literary techniques are used to <unk> the what of a piece of literature ?
macedonia has how many slavic speakers ?
in matthew , who else besides mary of <unk> and mary <unk> are with mary at the crucifixion ?
the design of what was n't modified slightly ?
what happened on december 15 , 2006 ?
other than t cells , what other immune cells express <unk> ?
research regarding metamorphic processes helps explain what about pressure ?
what do n't police use to control <unk> events ?
who dedicated his 1915 piano etudes to chopin ?
which work by john gray challenges popper 's falsificationism ?
what does florida mean in french ?
what can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a <unk> ?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans ?
why did kierkegaard believe humans could have a system for reality ?
in what decade did philips produce a " professional " ld model for computer ?
what became more intense in the 1970 's in estonia ?
who created ace ?
along with mills and mines , in what industrial locations did steam drive cultivation ?
the current in non-radio communication had to go through what type of component ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
what replaced the younger sailing ships in the navy ?
what happened to apple 's market share with the release of windows 95 ?
generally speaking , what is the earliest decade represented by the " oldies " on soft ac stations ?
where did jack <unk> work at when he created the first ic ?
what are kanye 's religious beliefs ?
how many local radio stations does norfolk island ban ?
what are auricles ?
what is the term for a person who adheres to <unk> ?
who did bowersox later reveal wanted her to be disqualified ?
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
what italian prime minister attacked montini for his political stances ?
what is the feature of zinc <unk> that makes it useful in television screens ?
in what was u.s. news and world report first published ?
who said " the <unk> , o king , are <unk> ; the suras are particularly so . " ?
what word means that bacteria wo n't grow on a <unk> ?
how many are believed to have been <unk> by this unrest ?
what christian group did constantine i disapprove ?
when were the rights to publish the calendar granted ?
what is one thing you need to take if your <unk> is severe ?
what occupation was harold macmillan at the time ?
in what year did egypt sell its portion of suez canal ?
what phase of human used subsistence strategies to find food ?
protestants reject what practices in relation to the saints ?
what was most important as the monarchy under queen victoria shifted from political to symbolic ?
during his vacation in 1824 and 1825 who did chopin spend his vacation with ?
what does dna consist of ?
which hospital is located at the end if 27th street ?
starting from the late paleozoic era , when did antarctica finish forming ?
where was the ferranti mark 1 sent to after it was developed ?
thomas <unk> was an editor of which <unk> from notre dame ?
who was cabinet minister in 1998 ?
what is a trade magazine for design industry ?
what region of the u.s. has california partnered with on the regional greenhouse gas initiative ?
what usually has a small network than a contracting isp ?
a sphere shows what type of antennas radiation ?
how can some viruses main a persistent infection ?
what was sold to foreign <unk> ?
in what year did nbc beat american idol in the ratings for the first time ?
who ran <unk> pictures ?
what is the upper level of the australian house of representatives called ?
when was pope john xxiii considered " blessed ? "
what complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ?
what do the people of cyprus rely on for domestic and agricultural supply of water ?
who was charged with the fostering of manufacturing planes ?
what base does <unk> pair with ?
who <unk> von siemens ideas to build a <unk> business ?
what helped to partly fund java ?
what 's the minimum amount of copper a layer in a pcb can have to be considered " heavy copper " ?
how far in the future was ' robopocalypse ' set ?
tengen got a description of nintendo 's chip from whom ?
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
what is crop milk ?
what is not used by any form of invertebrate ?
what is one type of power some world powers view as india 's status in the world ?
where did forbes magazine place texas for technological innovation ?
where were most jazz clubs located ?
where is the sprint all-star race held ?
what show had 77 performances on broadway ?
how long has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ?
what kind of student was <unk> brandenburg ?
who is displayed getting crowned by christ in the monreale mosaics ?
the lunar module completed its first low earth orbit on what date ?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
in what borough is the <unk> neighborhood located ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
what was the source of color in red <unk> ?
when were railroad tracks being installed portugese africa ?
when was the tenth printing of the french translation of ' reflections on the revolution in france ' ?
what profession does simon kuznets have ?
what animals are forbidden in the mews ?
what might happen during interviews ?
with which country are the marshall islands closely related ?
when were armenian churches built with <unk> buttresses ?
where is the <unk> of paper expressed in <unk> per square meter ?
what can be considered as set phrases ?
in what school year were hauptschulen first combined with realschulen and gesamtschulen ?
who is the dean of faculty of arts & sciences at washington university ?
if input size is is equal to n , what can respectively be assumed is the function of n ?
when was the torch in istanbul ?
what form of cotton contains a genetically modified gene ?
what was the mass of the wuzhu coin ?
at which park does w 122nd street end ?
what instrument was hardy the first to use in house music ?
what general received the surrender of richmond ?
what was <unk> 's ic made of ?
what has been the effect of yale and new haven 's relationship on yale ?
how are the languages of official documents avoided ?
who was the un under-secretary in 2011 ?
what is a <unk> chemical called ?
what agreement commits countries to develop resources for sustainability ?
what states that alsatian is the official language ?
what claim did bskyb agree with ?
what nationality was saleh ali saleh <unk> ?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
screen print <unk> ink is commonly used why ?
what did speeches given by the navy mention about their treatment by protesters ?
who 's court did avicenna join ?
what major university is comprised of four <unk> universities and several schools specialized schools ?
from what people have were the first records known to be existent derived from ?
in the u.s. , where is copyright infringement <unk> ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ?
which organization filed a <unk> lawsuit ?
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
who lost their power over tibet ?
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of ?
what land was ceded to spain ?
what requires insignificant capital expenditure ?
the city 's bus system is being over <unk> to work with what other program ?
what were steam engines used as a source of ?
the two eastern rivers meets in which of new haven harbor ?
what officeholder selects the deputy lord mayor ?
what are uncommon words or names considered to be and not usually indicated ?
at which intersection does w 122nd street end ?
how many members of parliament represent plymouth ?
what country has attempted to better the controls of pesticide exchanges ?
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ?
what was the last year that harry catterick managed everton ?
what did the advancements during the revolution improve for people ?
what did cd-da stand for ?
what land was prussia <unk> to give up ?
what referendum was passed by the electorate ?
when did mary attend the feast of assumption ?
what makes peer-to-peer networks different than other online providers ?
what country intervened on behalf of the malian government in january 2012 ?
which country besides brazil does st. barts import its labor force from ?
what theory is the belief that differences races had evolved independently on each continent ?
who arrived at the marshall islands in the second millennium bc ?
where is cedar ridge country club ?
in what decade did computer hardware become able to handle a relational system ?
how were tamil writers different from earlier sanskrit writers ?
who can call congress into emergency session ?
liberation is know as what ?
at what age did frederic start giving public concerts ?
where does the metro go after leaving the satellite cities ?
what final was not shown live ?
what is on the background of the image which can be used as a scale to represent the size of the mechanism ?
what is consumed in both combustion and respiration ?
what came into force in 1988 ?
what type of information is rarely collected from a laptop ?
what type of capacitor is never used in electric motor circuits ?
what type of energy makes an incandescent light bulb glow ?
what promotes not only the peace of mind but also peace in the community ?
what time period was the korean farm site dated ?
which case concerning white and hispanic firefighters was heard by the supreme court in 2009 ?
where is education integral to prevent disease ?
what else does this law provide to service providers ?
what theoretical device is attributed to alan turing ?
about long long do researchers stay when researching in antarctica ?
what day of the week was september 15 , 2011 ?
what book describes lord and lady <unk> 's visit ?
the term asphalt is often preferred by who ?
who captured malakoff ?
what is a proper term for the licensee of the pub ?
in what year did arsenal move to <unk> ?
when did the first radio stations appear ?
during the greek cinema golden age , how many films were made each year ?
who attempted to enforce a monopoly on cameras and <unk> ?
aside from the charged service to civilians , what is the other level of service provided ?
where were the earliest lodges in america ?
where did <unk> sq mi of ice remain ?
along with uranium-235 , what isotope is noted for having a high fission cross-section for slow neutrons ?
who runs the public <unk> in cork ?
along with wear , what development makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons ?
what would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ?
when did the saint helena cricket team make it 's debut in international cricket ?
what show did <unk> <unk> star in ?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ?
who controlled film production in <unk> ?
how is the prison quality in the car ?
what is the farthest the tennessee volunteers have <unk> in the ncaa men 's basketball tournament ?
what type of rock do <unk> grow near ?
what were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ?
during what years were victorian aboriginal groups largely displaced from their land ?
what comic strip did bud fisher have success with ?
which <unk> helped sanjaya survive elimination week over and over again ?
to appeal to what are the kits changed regularly ?
who was the architect of atkins hall ?
what strategy does the cabinet execute ?
the fictional detective , nero <unk> , is described as fond of <unk> what kind of <unk> in the london times newspaper ?
what actions showed stalin anti-communist beliefs ?
what fishing organization has its home here ?
another piece of evidence of german communities in the holy city in the second half of the 11th century is due to what items being sent from germany to jerusalem ?
coalition nations did what with regards to invading southern iraq to precipitate the cease fire ?
what was first battle in 1754 ?
what is thought to have played a significant role in the extinction of the australian megafauna ?
what is the government of india based on ?
in what year did savery patent his steam pump ?
how many satellite offices does the royal institute run in the uk ?
what objects were not used by early farm societies in the near east ?
what musical style was prominent in new york in the 1940s ?
what is the process of collecting natural products ?
what is an example of unpublished material in a certain field ?
what connects cobh and midleton to cork ?
what is the name for the collection of formal rules in catholicism ?
what does <unk> not refer to ?
how many brigade teams did the army <unk> to by 2015 ?
school desegregation in the united states led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools ?
what two types of organisms have remarkable differences in their genomic composition ?
how many movies did nistor dub for secret <unk> in romania ?
who created shaivism ?
besides methane , what else can be used to produce synthesis gas ?
what country did the british west africa squadron prevent slaves from being sent to ?
where have many of these us air force pilots chosen to find employment instead ?
the embassy in paris discourages the use of what <unk>
what does the western church have <unk> of ?
what myths did the romans adapt to their needs ?
what is the name of the desert city ?
what are the ties that best described what the " eight counties " are based on ?
what was reduced by the commission according to microsoft ?
who is the parent company of nds ?
the washington post mentioned the comcast organization in which city ?
what gained a wider audience in <unk> ?
what plants create most electric power ?
what is the official name of an existing mark ?
what is the rhine gorge known for ?
what did the us ask of britain in may 1940 ?
what nationality of people makes up a large portion of southampton residents ?
what makes a manufacturer 's prefix less reliable ?
when did <unk> record his chopin performance ?
what word describes the approximate rates at which <unk> and sunrise change with the seasons ?
who rejected leibniz 's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter ?
what german war policy precipitated us involvement in wwii ?
who said madrasahs developed from universities ?
what did pope pius ii do to <unk> and ostia in 1914 ?
what can help reduce energy and usage cost by providing light only when or where it is needed ?
when did ellen join the judges ' panel ?
what was the county borough of st helens created ?
what mountain is <unk> located near ?
what magazine described the super slim as " nostalgic " ?
who stated that " all politics reduces itself to this formula : try to be one of three , as long as the world is governed by the unstable equilibrium of five great powers . ? "
what kind of art did dale <unk> make ?
who agrees with <unk> ' cooperative view of evolution ?
who 's writings had no influence on the framers of the us constitution ?
compared to <unk> countries , what freedom does namibia have ?
what is one of the most developed concentrating solar power technologies ?
about how many of the asian population was hmong ?
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ?
what substance is used to make high quality liquid o2 ?
what does not have electric current running through a wire filament ?
at what point in its existence was the lutheran manuscript published ?
who encouraged cathedral architects to allow as much light as possible into the building ?
what language was spoken in the central plain of china up until the 3rd century ?
the population <unk> by 1880 due mainly to what ?
where was the location of the 2003 rose revolution ?
from which periods are the buildings in cork from ?
who accused the united states of beginning an armed intervention in south korea ?
how long is greek 's rail network estimated to be damaged ?
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ?
due to electric chair <unk> , what method of execution was not preferred ?
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ?
who considered the business school of the university of kansas among the worst <unk> business institutions ?
the first vote of the ballot uses what method to <unk> the votes ?
according to most linguistics , who speaks a dialect ?
what is kathmandu 's majority religion ?
why do all authors experiment with their technique ?
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood ?
who described the <unk> of the estonians as pirate ships ?
what has <unk> done to florida
what is the average family size for same-sex married couples ?
what catholic church liturgical belief did lortie criticize openly ?
how many clubs entered in 2004-05 ?
when will the new line launch ?
in 2010 , what was conducted on mummified remains of baboons ?
what form of tuberculosis has <unk> milk caused ?
while nasrani means those with a religious faith , what does masihi refer to ?
what was the result of a <unk> congress convincing the census bureau to change its rules ?
what 1991 film depicts the 1979 morrison arrest in new haven ?
what was only the aristocracy allowed to do in anglophone colonies ?
what does an individual do to attain ennoblement ?
what are dietary laws known as ?
what has more <unk> than the mantoux <unk> test ?
westminster abbey was the third highest place of learning after which two places ?
along with the early modern and ancient , during what period did somali architecture exist ?
how close to the length of the ball can defensive players be before a play ?
what medal did edward faraday weston win ?
in 2005 what did the foundation focus its wash effort on ?
what did the elite use instead of spells and <unk> to redress a wrong ?
current living things are the source of what ?
how many representatives does each electorate have ?
which company owns many of the patents that cover the other formats ?
amazon rain forest experienced another mild drought in what year
what is it called when friends are favored over other people ?
how many generations of european ancestors does sandra laing have ?
what is the single nation with the most visitors ?
where was sextus from ?
where did the group of theorists first meet ?
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ?
in what area do <unk> birds usually live ?
what is another work of avicenna that is said to not be his creation ?
other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ?
how many mobile users were there in 2011 ?
how many people competed to be brasilia 's urban planner ?
what could samurai do instead of divorce if their wife could n't produce a son ?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
what was tennessee 's population in 1980 ?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not ?
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ?
what operation did bill clinton start to <unk> for the 1998 embassy attacks ?
what is her nickname that she was given because her children married into royal families across the continent ?
what does <unk> claim time is not in the structure of the world ?
what is the primary goal of the ecb ?
which confession does the presbyterian church in america retain ?
other than the automobile club of southern california , what other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ?
along with frank <unk> , doris day , johnny <unk> , <unk> king <unk> , and perry <unk> , who was a prominent early adult contemporary radio artist ?
why did the usaf plan to take a <unk> ?
what caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ?
the second satellite was named <unk> and was launched in december of what year ?
which provinces did kexi and <unk> receive ?
a statute is automatically removed when it is found to be what ?
what rugby union team is based in plymouth ?
what is located in the <unk> depression ?
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ?
what what was the name of the subsidiary working in germany during world war 2 ?
what is <unk> by the faster c <unk> ?
on what date did japan attack pearl harbor ?
what is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
who was the founder of three worlds theory ?
what aspect of the treaties that indigenous people signed with europeans did the indigenous people typically not understand ?
what happened in the early 21 st century
who governed the central region in the yuan ?
what nation 's cameras does the cipa dc-004 apply to ?
what did xinhua call protesters ?
included in applied anthropology is researcher involvement as well as activism in what communities ?
where did this experiment take place ?
how many tons of bitumen <unk> produced in 1984 ?
what did the metropolitan police act say police were a subset of ?
downtown santa monica and downtown <unk> are a part of which area ?
in what year did christian sects increase ?
what was the major supply trail for the northern vietnamese forces ?
what company ended its deal with apple 's music store in july of 2007 ?
in what year was the corliss engine patented ?
nothing meaningful can be learned about modern hunter gatherers from the studies of what ?
in millions of dollars , how much money did the united states pay out in nuclear testing compensation to marshall island residents between 1956 and 1998 ?
what was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ?
which region of the appalachians is the most arid ?
storyboards are considered what ?
who never used the term , " ultraviolet catastrophe " ?
what years did the lancashire league competition run from ?
what country is about <unk> km from guinea-bissau ?
plo supported who during the gulf war ?
by what year did the company have a fleet of oil <unk> operating in the caspian sea region ?
what is the best known korean dish made with dog meat ?
what does typically <unk> look like ?
in what year did the <unk> court hang 26 pirates in newport , rhode island ?
what sport of hunting is in africa ?
when did russia become independent from the ussr ?
what are organisms called that show <unk> and <unk> ?
what type of animals have been shown to have circadian rhythms only at certain times ?
when did tito create the second <unk> brigade ?
where is visa inc. located ?
whose work did hegel criticize ?
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine ?
what are hawks often <unk> by when they try to eat their eggs ?
what law required books favoring freemasonry ?
which prussian province did <unk> become a part of ?
what countries agreed to a <unk> agreement ?
when did the greek language dispute take place ?
what did bskyb name their interactive service ?
who reformed scientology making <unk> groups heretical ?
what is the estimated range for the number of flowering plants ?
the presence of what substance in sea water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium ?
what is the title of the head of the <unk> armed forces ?
what is the " land of israel " known as in hebrew ?
when was the term <unk> used by the japanese ?
in which gardens was the bell telephone memorial constructed ?
what was irene 's coronation song ?
which government was responsible in french history for this fact ?
what percentage of the gdp was public expenditure health after 2004 ?
how long before eisenhower was to be transferred to france did world war i end ?
in what year did cyprus face a full-scale ottoman assault ?
what did the working group eventually create ?
where did the mesopotamian people originate from ?
which person did gorbachev kick out of the <unk> on the first of july ?
what in the chinese program caused trouble for unfpa ?
how many logic gates are in a <unk> ?
photovoltaic and solar-thermal plants will never meet most of the world 's demand for electricity by what year ?
faith in and veneration of mahayana are stated in what sutras ?
how long does it take for a ship to sail from hawaii to guam ?
what identifier allows a player to activate a playstation 3 ?
what was standard for transferring data to and from the earlier type of smartphones ?
where can these three elements occur in the immune system ?
what was the secondary aim of the royal institute ?
who is the lowest ranking priest in the catholic church ?
what award was inspired by corliss ?
what is a term for a relationship between individuals of the same species where both individuals benefit ?
<unk> and tropical <unk> can produce what across the coastal plain ?
where does " movement " take place ?
in modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ?
what was the name of the film that the two finalists made together ?
how old was victoria when she met albert ?
how many invertebrate species are known in brazil alone ?
what did the treaty establish ?
how long is the section that turns north ?
what was the migration rate of mexico city from <unk> ?
who owns the land on which <unk> comprehensive schools are found ?
what are two groups called if they include homomorphisms ?
which tariqah no longer exists ?
which company wanted to start its own local record company ?
along with solar , coal and nuclear , what sort of plants notable use the rankine process ?
the <unk> cortex is the largest in what animals ?
who runs el tour de tucson ?
what is the english name of the historic museum in st. barts ?
how many finalists made it to the finals for seasons two and three ?
what show did spielberg work with <unk> on ?
what era has the 21st century has been characterized by ?
what country is the town of java located in ?
what is the highest court in european union law ?
the tusker tunnel is located between the islands of <unk> and ?
what does the long enduring condition and the interaction eventually cause ?
what is it called when a changing electric field existing between the conductive plates of a capacitor physically moves them ?
what does utf-16 expand ?
when did the <unk> reaction take place ?
existing between what two countries contributed to kathmandu becoming a center of trade ?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ?
what year was the national communications act enacted ?
who realized that the effects of gravity might be observed differently at smaller distances ?
what did what 's new get replaced by ?
which city does the hollywood district belong to ?
why did the <unk> family communes not band together ?
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
what are the effects of <unk> the water from rivers ?
who was lead writer of the sun ?
what conflict did the organic act come after ?
what consists of 14 years of primary and secondary education ?
when was the riba library removed ?
do bigger dogs typically have longer or shorter lives ?
how many seas are allocated to the turkish community ?
what has made jacksonville a major military and civilian court since the 1900s ?
aspirated stops contrast with what ?
who performed " here we go " ?
how many known works of chopin 's music were on youtube up to the beginning of 2014 ?
recent discoveries in what country demonstrate many small <unk> <unk> dinosaurs .
what were the native inhabitants of australia called ?
what is the pacific southwest building currently known as ?
who accepted a german-soviet peace plan ?
where was representative thomas tucker from ?
what processes do idealists say are constructed by reality ?
what was the goal of the caf during the cold war ?
how large is the <unk> that forces the plastic into the cavity ?
what country fell providing with more information on canada 's army size ?
a language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of turing machine ?
who conquered the ancient germans ?
what does not provide electricity to most light bulbs ?
in which battle was the hanover army destroyed ?
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ?
what indian states are on the east side of punjab , pakistan ?
what is the vital <unk> for <unk> ?
what is the name of the marshall islands legislature ?
what was george <unk> ' first novel to be published ?
in what country was the iphone first developed ?
why ca n't some memories be held onto forever ?
when did el <unk> herald leave miami ?
who was the ruling class ahead of the normans ?
who spread buddhist texts in east asia ?
is the observation deck in the <unk> currently opened or closed ?
how many satellites will be used to test a new system of navigation signaling ?
when did other states become part of colorado ?
what other term is given to the director of studies ?
what is the term for when there are <unk> in the text ?
what does the abbreviation " <unk> " represent ?
what did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ?
in what year was richmond 's railroad station renovated ?
what contains a block of characters used to showcase hokkien chinese ?
how many international tourists visited greece in 2013 ?
how much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
where are major touring acts hosted in the city ?
what was the name of the <unk> joint venture formed by shell and cosan ?
which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the japanese war ?
where does the study of sanskrit hold a less than prominent position ?
how was vesey executed in 1822 ?
what did nasser want to end in egypt ?
what does a pathogen do when it encounters a <unk> ?
when was it clear that the cancer had overcome the resistance of john xxiii ?
when did the french obtain algeria ?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
why was the campus police established ?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ?
what does john w. <unk> attribute the small number of interest groups in the us to ?
what was the naval air station bermuda originally ?
what was zhu 's job ?
in wartime , what type of power did the county of drenthe have ?
what quality made the us only a minor military power after the revolutionary war ?
which world cup did brasilia host ?
what is another term for the string of a problem instance ?
where is the congress hall located ?
what did the counter-reformation advocate for the language to return to ?
what fruit juice is a major samoan export ?
given the weakness of french forces at louisbourg , what did loudoun do ?
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ?
what type of residence is offered at buy ?
when were there many struggles for independence or overthrowing prevailing governments ?
what does oxygen the basis for in combustion ?
which governing body controls the england national football team ?
what stadium did protesters try to burn the u.s. flag ?
how many volumes were in the siku quanshu ?
since when has the delimitation of state territories been discussed ?
what is the current national rank of the school of medicine at washington university ?
how long did her hiatus last ?
what company rejects sears mexico ?
who proposed that change was n't needed in the way business with the greeks was to be conducted
what kind of university is the university of chicago ?
the mediterranean was created by the collision of europe and what ?
in what city did horne begin their operations ?
what country did kerry visit as a student ?
what era began following the defeat of the confederacy ?
how many roadways will be included in the district ?
who commanded the english theater in may 1942 ?
if a party is represented by members from the lower house of parliament , what other position can the party leader serve ?
who based their research on <unk> 's stains works ?
what book was written by volunteers ?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ?
does dst mean more rush hour traffic is on the road before dawn or after ?
what is the name of a song that references the country that ku serves ?
who was the head master of eton in 2004 ?
what former building is currently known as grand 1401 ?
the first electric elevator , built in 1880 , was in what country ?
the majority of the mosaics in venice were created by who ?
who conducted a <unk> on antarctica in 2010 ?
who defeated japan during the world war ii ?
what decade was the charleston dance popular nationally ?
when was lincoln kicked out ?
after being given a law number , a new law is prepared for publication as what ?
what tends to lead to more money ?
how does the texture of eritrean dishes compare to ethiopian meals ?
what authority was never involved with unfpa ?
after nine pregnancies , what could victoria have been suffering from that would make her sad and depressed ?
due to the new entry style what rooms were moved up one floor ?
why was <unk> untouched by external customs ?
what significant consequence was a result of <unk> relations ?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
what is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ?
what is the reich security main office required to be called ?
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
what has never been done to former uranium surface mines around <unk> ?
what city had some of the last buildings to fall in 1945 ?
how many states does at&t serve ?
what do mandarin and cantonese have more of than hokkien ?
greece 's secondary education has how many school types ?
what decade does the sulfite process date to ?
what religion is a minority in car ?
what chemistry do hydrides serve as bridging <unk> ?
what was it called when many mexican 's were forcibly <unk> ?
highways built in the amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers ?
who is not eligible to serve as a coats trainer ?
to whom did abbott lose the party to in 2008 ?
in which year did andrew johnson become president ?
buddhism had similiar tenets to what other common religion ?
what does mandarin have that is n't found in other chinese varieties ?
how many geographical regions are within swaziland ?
how often do plankton need to feed ?
what is another name for jewish mysticism ?
which act sets functions for melbourne such as urban planning and waste management ?
how many armenians speak russian natively ?
who was the father of abd al-malik ?
what legend was started in the anglophone colonies by the aristocracy ?
in what place did the university of kansas finish in international rankings for undergraduate architecture programs in 2012 ?
what do russian carriers include for launching <unk> loaded conventional fighters ?
what are the markets called that are located and run by the boroughs ?
what was one of the norman 's major imports ?
who wrote the actual story ?
what banks did greece lose derivatives ' deals with ?
which contestant garnered the most attention because of a prior recording contract ?
what does n't limit excessive torque ?
who introduced a system of <unk> notation used in the balkans in the 14th century ?
how long has the egyptian language been spoken ?
what is the 16th century known as the start of ?
how is nara classified as officially ?
<unk> is a major language in what country ?
what organizations cites this disruption of sleep patterns as a cause of <unk> ?
why do the birds fly north ?
which congress gave the democrats the power to vote ?
because c4c and <unk> are characterized by parallel genetic histories means what controversial hypothesis may be dismissed ?
who is less likely to believe that catalan and valencian are different ?
which centres of switzerland mostly rejected the quota system for foreigners ?
when was the montreal police not created ?
what was written using the germanic <unk> elder <unk> ?
to what city did the tulsa <unk> relocate ?
cooler objects glow less than objects that are what ?
until what century did the kabul shahi dynasties rule the kabul valley ?
this reference also holds significance as what the the grecian people ?
who is the owner of columbia pictures content ?
a bios chip is located where in a computer ?
what was jacobi 's improved motor used to propel ?
which <unk> probe successfully <unk> the back side of the moon ?
which company did <unk> <unk> <unk> work for ?
which prussian ruler chose to go to war with france for control of central europe ?
when did burke 's ancestors arrive in ireland ?
in what area of kathmandu is the national museum ?
what corporation was john peel a dj for ?
in what architectural styles were harkness ' original colleges ?
what term can be used to describe the wet area of northern europe ?
britain 's dominant position in world trade over some countries ' economies has been called what ?
chopin is a native of what country ?
who is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the amazon forest ?
who spoke about the dead and missing people on november 21 , 2008 ?
what state receives an average of 400 inches of rainfall per year ?
how much value did pythagoras place in the crucifixion ?
which section of the city receives hot water from geothermal power through the west quay plant ?
where does 10th street start ?
in some countries , anti-masonry is related to what ?
what does a haploid genome have strong influence on ?
which court is the highest court in the european union ?
during what period did radcliffe become prominent as a university ?
what emissions did n't dell strive to reduce ?
who was the first republican speaker of the tennessee state senate since democrats took control in the reconstruction era ?
who had no <unk> that a <unk> war was totally necessary ?
where did yueju end ?
what is stable testing also called ?
what does <unk> <unk> mean ?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
how many people live in the federal district ?
the hierarchical position of treaties relative to domestic legislation in brazil determines whether the latter can do what to the former and vice <unk> ?
who first recorded a territorial name in the region that resembles its current name tennessee ?
the physics of quantum mechanics included special cases for what work ?
what person helped establish the school with a donation ?
dog could also come from the original layer of what vocabulary ?
what year did charles sanders peirce graduate from harvard ?
what other germanic languages are close to modern english ?
how is a cd writer made ?
who receives <unk> coverage ?
where did taiwan originate from ?
as of 2013 , who was the marshall islands minister of foreign affairs ?
what happened to the <unk> ice shelf in 2002 ?
programming languages are translated into machine code by what ?
who does this law target ?
what is the age of 20 called ?
what disease has a similar relationship as tb does between reactivation and <unk> ?
what do many people want to integrate into interstate 5 ?
what years did vladimir the great reign as leader ?
where is information about a sentence subject in english ?
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ?
what was greece 's <unk> rate in 2015 ?
where does the delta in the netherlands begin ?
several reports written by various agencies concluded that which policy was not the primary cause of the financial crisis ?
who is in control of the organization ?
where do 8th and 9th streets begin ?
what organization was defeated by hasan al-hudaybi ?
what political structure did vietnam have ?
which family member came to paris in june 1849 ?
apart from australia , in what country other than samoa might samoan rugby players live ?
what was the informal version of laws the eastern catholic churches ?
dave <unk> portrays max <unk> in which james bond film ?
which health issue is now becoming a common issue in developing countries ?
who was one of the few female hollywood directors in this era ?
into how many groups are germanic languages usually split ?
a permanent logo was unveiled on december 1 of what year ?
how are they different than most tajiks ?
to what controversial organization did a miami chief of police belong ?
what is the name of the second highest level of college football ?
in 2010 what were the estimates for the amount of videos with advertisements uploaded without the <unk> 's consent ?
what are was in between the seleucid empire and ptolemaic egypt during hellenistic times ?
who wrote the 1910 book ' the conflict of color ' ?
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ?
what is the length of the shortest contiguous coastline in the us ?
who believes that property can be considered material if one defines it does not have property ?
what is the name of the world 's greatest deposit of bitumen ?
in what year was hayy ibn <unk> translated to the latin language ?
which philosopher quoted the catechism ?
what helps mycobacteria be resistant to <unk> ?
what year was the protectorate of western regions created in ?
when did princess margaret separate from her husband ?
what was the edict approved by the board of <unk> that provided for the fixed tuition program ?
what individuals are particularly safe to opportunistic infections ?
which indian state has sanskrit as its official language ?
what is the first round of the coffee ceremony called ?
what was responsible for the decline of the anglo-saxon settlement of <unk> ?
how many of the relief team were from the state <unk> bureau ?
what device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ?
on which sutras did the vedanta school focus ?
what kind of mining did the world 's first institute of technology prepare students for ?
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ?
what did supporters have to refer to 60 days before an election ?
what light bulbs do n't use lamp filaments containing uranium ?
at what facility did eisenhower die ?
what is the british aid agency 's research called ?
what would early humans be able to obtain when hunting ?
where did the torch start in <unk> ?
what pact was disbanded on 15 february 1991 ?
what amendment to the united states constitution forbids cruel and unusual punishment ?
the biography , life of antony , also resembles of the life of who ?
what is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ?
what did bell instruct his dog to do ?
besides africa , where did germany have imperial interests ?
what was the latest legal closing time on sundays in english pubs as of 2000 ?
what is adjacent the abbey ?
what is flexibility compatible with ?
what is the range of the black body radiation law ?
why was that ?
what group avoided subversive ideas ?
what are compounds in chemical terms ?
where was mary rumored to have died ?
what is the <unk> penguin the only one to do during winter in antarctica ?
what year was guinea-bissau declared independent ?
what is a torr equal to ?
what has a negative influence over the us economy ?
female sex hormones are <unk> of which immune responses ?
what kind of books did <unk> use ?
what was max <unk> active in during the weimar republic ?
who wrote the movie <unk> ?
along with <unk> penalty advocacy , why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal <unk> in the united states ?
the premier league would have three divisions and the football league would have how many ?
what is the name of <unk> radio station ?
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ?
in 1754 what man convinced the grand vizier to allow the use of the printing press ?
where are the verticals found repeated in the interior of gothic buildings ?
when was brass first used ?
what are high german varieties often included with ?
who is lewis carroll 's youngest brother ?
immanuel noble had expensive knowledge in what field ?
what treaty ceded territory to the uk extending west to the mississippi river ?
at what degree north did <unk> show rhythms only in autumn and summer ?
what wars took place in the 1900 's ?
what is the name of ibm 's internal magazine ?
were the people <unk> to have him home ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
who led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
in the rankine cycle , what does water turn into when heated ?
what was the response of <unk> <unk> in regards to further conversations without britain and france ?
what is mostly used as an additive in constructing recycling rings ?
what did the <unk> release ?
what did the <unk> wish to be <unk> up ?
what city state contains the cities of berlin and hamberg ?
in which season has there been at least one football league <unk> relegated back to the premier league ?
how many <unk> emotions exist in plutchik 's theory ?
what architecture type came before norman in england ?
how many pounds of pcbs are estimated to be retained in the sediment behind woods pond dam ?
how do you usually diagnose someone with spirometry ?
which network was the first large peer to peer file sharing network ?
how many times has crystal palce hosted the fa cup ?
what famous italian restaurant also has a branch in mexico city ?
what did the u.s. share with china ?
what is the name of the <unk> that is native to both britain and ireland ?
what has become more available as the availability of <unk> has decreased ?
which company was ge 's partner in the short <unk> , big ideas project ?
who composed the concerto in d major op 3 6 ?
what is not a discrepancy between developed and less developed countries ?
nintendo did n't rely primarily on what for its support ?
what is the name of the nearest large commercial airport ?
when was the ifab 's decision on the fixed size of the pitch become implemented ?
what dam began to provide water to hyderabad in 2005 ?
how many species of plants are there in the <unk> desert ?
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ?
what is the yearly number of cadets at the maritime training institute ?
which college where the cambridge rules written at ?
compared to the rest of florida , how does jacksonville 's filipino population rank ?
what year was the spanish governor expelled ?
what type of disease was reported to be on the rise in guinea-bissau ?
when did france provide troops in mali ?
which parts of the <unk> theories did feynman help explain ?
what is the origin of the word ale ?
what community was deep house popular with ?
the last tsar of russia , nicholas <unk> encountered his first elevator at the hotel <unk> in what city ?
how many murderers in nevada were given a capital sentence ?
what types of stimuli ca n't some sensory fibers differentiate between ?
who invaded hungary in 1956 ?
what is the largest main coastal town ?
what instrument did apolo play ?
why did the grand orient de france conclude that freemasonry should n't require religious belief ?
what did nara establish in 1934 ?
which nigerian political party was mostly christian ?
what kind of education is offered in public schools in australia ?
what language was used for <unk> purposes ?
what was the average high end hard drive size ?
what system of transliteration is not commonly used on the internet or e-mail ?
what is physically more compact <unk> rail or overhead wires ?
what is one example of an application that videoconferencing manufacturers have begun to offer ?
what is the term for homemade software ?
what did bell create in 1881 ?
who arrived in <unk> around the 2nd century bc ?
what type of software began to emerge following the release of intel-based macs ?
who 's philosophy did avicenna use to gain greater spiritual insight ?
what is the only form potential energy can change into ?
what synthetic product is produced by upgraders ?
what was used to aim the guns after electrical commands were sent ?
what physical activities do not require special clothing ?
what title did mary give to the catholic church ?
what classification system was published by apg ii in 1968 ?
what is ' <unk> ' ?
when did figure wall mosaics become the highest form of artistic expression ?
while masihi refers to people from a christian culture , what does nasrani mean ?
what commemorates warsaw 's heroic history ?
what is the operational environment that space control depends on ?
who is the monarch that has some of the most impressive built in their honor in the myanmar
who created the 2006 standard ?
what was one retailer that were n't going to sell dell pcs ?
what is easier to grow than normal plants ?
who fought in a 1959 war over south tibet and <unk> chin regions ?
was the use of the datanet 1 name correct
who described kublai 's china to europe ?
which french composer wrote metrical music using prime numbers ?
what were some provincial governors in enforcement of the roman edicts ?
what is a <unk> less detailed than ?
when was the a35 <unk> built ?
which contestant was best known for his bad audition of " she <unk> " ?
what provides europe with drinking water , irrigation , and <unk> power ?
what is the most widely used way in <unk> ?
what year did king send a package to the fbi ?
who was paris 's last head of police ?
in what year did the concept of red and blue states become relatively fixed ?
how many artists signed the frame of the mosaic at the church of st stephen ?
what legendary band with a color in its name has played at the <unk> ?
what industry are slide rules still used today ?
what makes detection by killer t cells more likely ?
with battle at metz , what factor shattered the efforts of iii corps ?
when was the phrase irano-aryan first used ?
why did the third siege attempt fail ?
this type of system is known as
when did the un ask tuvalu to come up with a plan to improve drinking water ?
judea was ruled by whom during the hellenistic period ?
what stopped congo from benefiting from the postwar expansion of colonial administrative and infrastructure spending ?
what was the least valued type of building craft called ?
what do tribes use google earth and gps for ?
who proclaimed house unity day in jefferson ?
what shall not be published ?
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ?
who came to tibet in <unk> ?
which war played a role in <unk> san diego to the united states ?
what was one of the primary reasons that the issue of non-affirmative action lost its momentum ?
what concepts influenced the later arpanet ?
where did no marriages take place between european men and native women ?
giovanni da verrazzano 's ship that sailed to new york was named what ?
what early <unk> and developer is no longer associated with confucianism ?
miami is n't located in which florida county ?
what concept is frequently used to define complexity classes ?
who authorized <unk> ?
what is one area where <unk> could not be used ?
when did congress secure an absolute majority ?
what term is used to describe anything associated with conflict ?
what does increasing oxygen consumption do to the lungs ?
what view towards cognitive development during adolescence did piaget take ?
how many ipods did apple reveal it sold in april of 2007 ?
what percentage of houston 's foreign born population is from north of the <unk> border ?
how did the original xbox fare in japan in general ?
what is an example of a shorter migration ?
what was the result of the university revolution in argentina ?
what did french do that caused a later deal to be made with the italians ?
how many residents does the greater metropolitan area have ?
burke thought religion was beneficial to what besides souls ?
what did comics not have in the united states because of cultural roots ?
what year did they withdraw their bid ?
what institution views the economy of estonia as high income ?
what document was written by edward i in <unk> ?
what writer asserted that very few african americans have significant native american heritage ?
where did victoria spend the christmas of 1901 ?
whats the typical age range for <unk> ?
classical musicians continued to use many instruments from what era ?
what disease plagued europe during the late middle ages ?
what are potential sources of cellulosic biomass ?
what do you call a dialect particular to a certain ethnicity ?
filtering <unk> all beers of what ?
what type of paper is paper made from chemical pulps known as ?
what are both houses of the swiss parliament collectively known as when both are in joint session ?
what did neither house of congress pass measures <unk> their support for ?
what <unk> do students enrolled in priority courses receive ?
where do minor basketball teams still travel to .
what is the name of the general that lead british regulars to new haven harbor ?
what is formed by chinese principles ?
what type of word is added to the contraction of the <unk> ?
what cellular company is headquartered in san diego that uses the at&t network ?
what was a notable film that turner <unk> ?
what did the digimon series end up having lots of during the series ?
what were 300 agents <unk> from violent crime to focus on ?
what century was the architect le corbusier born ?
in an open system of particles , there are no internal what ?
when did a spacecraft get closest to neptune ?
what is another name for universal studios inc . ?
what is catalan being <unk> by in <unk> ?
who runs the underground music scene in cork ?
what is the northernmost city in the us ?
the arr was one of the last railroads in the un to use what ?
what was an alternate method of charging the ipod ?
in which cardinal direction from los angeles is san diego ?
are cds meant for permanent or temporary use ?
where do buses that loop around west quay stop ?
what else contributes to jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
what gender does the majority of <unk> dutch speakers use instead of the masculine and <unk> ?
who <unk> the truce which ended the iran-iraq war ?
for what reason did h. <unk> quigg kill a black man ?
what was the north american megafauna extinction coincidental with ?
where did brasilia place hotels ?
what production trait existed in tribal groups that were controlled by neolithic leaders ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
what does the symetry in the <unk> structure of the world ground ?
how much electronics did dell recycle by 2008 ?
in what decade did people in new jersey stop speaking jersey dutch ?
where is the civil service college of thuringia ?
who banned the bible in german ?
between 1916 and 1959 , which population grew to 13 % ?
what super league do the blackpool panthers play in ?
where were <unk> items from buckingham palace taken after wwi ?
how many people were added to the social security <unk> by eisenhower ?
which bureau prints new dollars ?
what is the function of <unk> ?
despite all the propaganda that ws presented to the east prussians what did german populations want within the country ?
how many dominican friars were there in 2013 ?
who drew a difference between <unk> parties and mass parties ?
what is the drosophila gene the cause of ?
what field around the earth was discovered by einstein ?
where in indonesia is the population <unk> million ?
what happens when gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing ?
what do lobates feed on ?
how many times did <unk> patriarch <unk> iii meet with paul vi in 1973 ?
against which team did swansea city play its first premier league game ?
what river is on the border of france and germany ?
what lasted 93 days in 2000 ?
who some times cleared commercial debts ?
when did setanta sports say it would launch as a free service on the digital terrestrial platform ?
what was nato 's operation in the mediterranean called ?
when did the first mosque in <unk> open ?
in which round was chris medina eliminated n season ten of american idol ?
what treaty took the place of constitutional treaty ?
what are also known as " traditional " ?
what are the agents detected by the immune system called ?
when can a grand lodge declare another lodge as regular ?
who can be elected to the college of cardinals under canon law ?
what are pronounced unaspirated ?
what does plutchik see as the positive equivalent of disgust ?
when was john m. olin born ?
small missiles were designed that could be mounted on what ?
name another road they responsible for .
what are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes ?
what is the rhine gorge known for ?
what happened in spain that led to more heresey ?
who designed the <unk> palace ?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad support anwar sadat ?
where is the thomson river dam located ?
what online service did the national archives decide to use to showcase its photographic holdings ?
the centrality of intent <unk> what definition beyond the gallagher one ?
what type of club is the california automobile state association ?
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ?
what was not displayed in kentucky <unk> ?
what did the group at the bells house hear other people doing ?
why did the mail stagecoaches stop running ?
in what year was directive <unk> issued ?
what word does " domestic " come from ?
what book of the aeneid is the longest ?
while looking for bug , what can testing not do ?
what fits the framework of complexity classes ?
in what year was there a conference for organized crime figures in atlantic city ?
other than the ijssel , where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ?
in what type of building were <unk> maps found ?
in what organism is duplication popular ?
who was the admiral of the german pocket ship ?
what s boston sometimes called ?
what color did affected consoles become after exposure to uv light ?
along with wei , which state avoided direct conflict with wu ?
what type of research was princess elizabeth station built to study ?
when did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ?
greece became a full esa member when ?
what size is each <unk> frame ?
in what year were additional licensing laws introduced for beer houses ?
when does christmas music on ac format stations usually begin ?
what has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ?
how does an <unk> become a tablet ?
who wanted to make north kensington an education region ?
what language did french not borrow the word ' police ' from ?
to which other abbey was westminster abbey second in wealth ?
what chemical compound comprises 5 % to 15 % of the dry weight of bacterial spores ?
is using the tax revenues and credit of the more stable banks to bail out the ones in danger of default an accepted practice ?
what was one of the criticisms <unk> faced after editing maggie ?
how large of a group in society use sanskrit ?
what animal 's food sources were greatly affected with the loss of wolves in yellowstone national park ?
how does the halogen bulb decrease darkening over time ?
what kind of panels are in the library ?
what happens to waste heat in the water ?
which provinces field teams in the quebec junior football league ?
who is the president of the international olympic committee ?
what script was the <unk> script replace with in the 12th century ?
who founded cambridge in 1650 ?
what group refurbished the <unk> monument in 2004 ?
what was the first university to offer courses in liberal arts ?
what does li stand for ?
who did schwarzenegger beat to win his sixth mr. olympia in a row ?
how many employees did forbes have in 2012 ?
wat was built inside the roman fortress in the 700 's ?
what growth stage of insects bore holes into trees ?
what house were many of the furniture and fittings lost from ?
what was the score of howard kendall 's first game managing everton ?
which area in italy besides sicily did mosaic art not go out of fashion in the middle ages ?
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
which promenade was formerly known as the queen 's way ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
what is a likely problem of coreless rc motors ?
what century had comics in wide production ?
which independent school had more hosted outreach events than eton ?
how did supporters of the team view the inscriptions on bricks idea ?
what player first won the heisman trophy for the university ?
what was the primary component of a palace hall during the han dynasty ?
greeks were <unk> in many scientific fields that require what ?
when can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
what was the 1992 <unk> <unk> apple 's first portable computer to feature ?
what does architecture share with other sciences ?
what university is known as buy ?
when did john lewis sell and take over the <unk> store ?
when was the unilateral declaration of independence of rhodesia ?
what does not qualify as grey-box testing ?
what goes to the store with everyman in the morality play ?
in march 1988 , cbs and sony formed what group ?
iasp 's definition of pain includes what aspect as an essential part ?
in 1867 victoria held what title ?
what does the district assembly not have currently ?
what made up lake <unk> ?
the release of internet explorer started the first what ?
who declared the centrality of humanity and <unk> ?
on what frequency band was the bbc broadcasting in <unk> 1950s ?
does playstation network use artificial or real currency for purchases ?
along with arsenic , what metal is less abundant as uranium ?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt ?
what was used on shell beads to adhere <unk> ?
what did tuvalu call for from other nations concerning reduction of carbon emissions ?
what scientific discipline did feynman discourage his sister from studying ?
what is a wireless internet service provider 's network based on ?
what product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and <unk> algae produce ?
who <unk> <unk> ?
aside from <unk> cultures , what else are architectural works thought of as ?
what generally follows the principles of aristotle and plato ?
where was jordanes from ?
who originally opened radio mogadishu ?
what causes glaciers to release <unk> ?
which group convened officially for the first time in 1946 ?
what pygmy kingdom built trade links with the congo river basin ?
what instruments were used to make music by the central americans ?
what are owners not interested in ?
what usually carries sediment particles from one place to another ?
bell 's stamp is part of which line ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
what is european union law ?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
resisting what caused many students to court private benefactors ?
what does this allow the to remain <unk> from ?
how many square miles is the island of iwo jima ?
why are dogs viewed as unclean in islam ?
when did a rescue team depart ?
how does one " act white " ?
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
what was <unk> by a <unk> involving oleg 's death ?
how many main governing bodies are on the federal level in switzerland ?
how many restaurants are there in nyc ?
charleston and berkeley is n't combined with what other county to form a metropolitan statistical area ?
what is the target age range of hot ac stations ?
what type of movies came out of <unk> ?
what direction is the <unk> border ?
the goal of what is to suppress opposing air defence systems ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ?
which of the samoan islands has active volcanoes ?
what was greece accused of covering up the extent of ?
what was nigeria 's population density in 2009 ?
what do many thuringian workers do to earn better wages ?
what did whitehead claim god would be without the world ?
how is packet switching allocated ?
other than universal and warner brothers , what other company runs a major record company ?
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood ?
if bob remembered how to bake a <unk> after seeing this on television what memory is he using ?
western governments considered islamists to be the worse of two evils when compared to whom ?
in what year was the edict of nantes issued ?
when did patrick henry school of science and arts open its doors ?
what is the minimum amount of external connection terminals to call an item a transistor ?
what color next to red is the <unk> in the daytime ?
what did the community school system remove from the comprehensive school model ?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population not dependent on ?
what year did the storm hit richard 's fleet ?
what <unk> head west and south from the city ?
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
who argued that an unemotional stimulus triggered <unk> and physiological responses to emotions at the same time ?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ?
the transition from <unk> can be broadly defined as what ?
which inventors made significant improvements on the water clock up until the ancient world ?
a discussion regarding wing pairs is not supported by what community ?
among which builders was the gothic style first used ?
when did the cincinnati red stockings come to be ?
the rocky mountains enclosed a late creating what <unk> ?
by the turn of which decade was the upward trend beginning to reverse ?
how many pages had darwin 's sketch grown to in 1844 ?
what fred <unk> film depicts the reported history of new haven theaters as " <unk> " for broadway ?
what is the difficulty with " ordinary language " according to cultural categories ?
how many troops were defeated for british in battle of carillon ?
timing and pace of comics is made by not adjusting size , shape and what of panels ?
what kind of telegraph did bell create ?
what was the name of the new musical style that emerged from new york in the 1970s ?
in what year did montini become the archbishop of the cathedral of milan ?
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ?
which thuringian district did the roman catholic faith survive in ?
in what city is the national research council located ?
what ended turkish imperial ambitions ?
about how large is the jamaica bay wildlife refuge in acres ?
what case complexity is represented when limited time is required to sort integers ?
what did the city of delphi cause the development of in <unk> bc ?
in what year did the afl begin operating under the <unk> model ?
what country is the second on the list for child labour in accordance to the <unk> child labour index ?
what is no longer a key goal during the final stage ?
where was the prison of tristan da cunha located ?
how much evidence of the link between the languages is not currently available ?
the pyx chamber and chapter house are n't under guardianship of whom ?
comics continue to thrive regardless of the decrease in what market ?
who said the post punk era occurred in the 80s ?
what were the genesis 's advantages over the nes ?
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ?
what troops does the reserve force not consist of ?
insects with fine scale spatial orientation live in colonies and where else ?
many scholars argue what should be replaced with a <unk> or <unk> percent rule ?
when was the last madrasa started in north america ?
what was herter 's career ?
what is the name of the rugby union in paris ?
what 1853 does the arrival commemorate ?
what better offer came for von neumann in 1930 ?
what century is the first papermaking process attributed to ?
how are the agreements in a treaty expressed ?
how much did the grimm claim his employers said he should raise in grant money per year ?
what percentage of the <unk> voting population did not vote ?
a wave <unk> machine can solder the what ?
what does n't the outer housing of a miniature motor resemble ?
what do the fans have ?
how many days after france sued for peace did the romanians meet the requests of the ussr ?
other than storage , what is the common audio format used for ?
what type of philosophy does both <unk> shaivism and advaita vedanta share ?
when the congregation issues a call for service by a pastor , who has to ratify it ?
who <unk> the one ambulance available on norfolk island ?
what was nec 's competitor to the nes called in japan ?
what do mandolin notes do rather than decay to silence ?
what guarantees a solid cash flow is in place before a project to assure its completion ?
what can sometimes be meant by the term aerial specifically ?
the <unk> or <unk> notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second ?
what year did the end of imperial china occur ?
what empire was followed by native sumerian rule ?
is gramophone equipment readily available ?
standard connectors were designed to be what ?
" we choose to go to the moon " speech was given at what location in texas ?
where can all the traditional costumes be seen <unk> on the sunday of the festival ?
what did the high yield strains become resistant to ?
juvenile platyctenids act like what ?
what did fleming use to treat a <unk> dish ?
who did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ?
what is gaining in popularity among <unk> ?
during what period did the administration deny funding ?
the term ashkenazi also refers to what ?
by what means is imperialism usually administered ?
the word imperialism has it 's origins in which ancient language ?
nutritional standards and recommendations are produced by a joint effort between the us department of agriculture and which other department ?
it was the first year of tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what ?
how does arsenal ladies rank as compared with other english women 's football teams ?
the resurgence of traditional pop was one of the factors that led to what change in the music market ?
what did the watch tower society admit in 1980 ?
in which season did tottenham finish third ?
<unk> is an an example of a technology that aims to do what to food ?
what does the m. tuberculosis bacterium have that protects it from being affected by toxins ?
which permanent member of the un security council boycotted council meetings in protest of taiwan 's seat in the united nations ?
what kind of realism did popper believe tarski 's theory supported ?
what color does a plant with chlorophyll appear to be ?
how are these domestic department stores expanding so quickly ?
how many graduate and professional programs are offered by northwestern ?
what has many cognitive <unk> and effects on the brain ?
what is the oldest teaching museum in the country ?
corruption can lower what with environmental regulations ?
what is the rhine gorge listed as ?
what is the largest university in europe ?
what does the third part of the royal institute 's educational process contain ?
what range of years are the oldest ruins from ?
what old form of accounting was created during the late 13th and early 14th centuries ?
how many soviet allied countries were members of the warsaw pact ?
where are these types of school spreading across ?
ip and am are most commonly defined by what type of proof system ?
in what concept is the mod considered a leader ?
the british isles are a group of islands located off the southwestern coast of which continent ?
how many horne 's stores did <unk> department stores buy in 1994 ?
when were elizabeth and philip married ?
to whom was the letter addressed ?
what island is the borough of brooklyn located on ?
what civilization is the group credited with starting ?
filming moved to which city in late may ?
what do 88 % of female students do ?
what was thought to decide a person 's behavior ?
the <unk> structure covering the <unk> in <unk> is known as what ?
when did the red army uprising begin ?
what kind of uncommon networking is used for <unk>
in what year was the office for the security of the revolution founded ?
when did the polyphonic vocal genre begin to develop ?
silicates of magnesium and iron make up of the earth 's ___
scholars do not make claims without evidence about who 's life ?
when was " the designs of <unk> jones " book published ?
the ilford <unk> changes were applied to what in the following years ?
when were the most recent elections in swaziland ?
in 1966 , abc reorganized what ?
what ship runs between saint helena and cape town on 5 day <unk> ?
in what year was gustav <unk> renamed fort oscar ?
which social media company proclaimed beyonce fans are know as the bey hive ?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ?
for what railroad did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ?
what is the qualitative answer to this particular problem instance ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
what was placed in the mountains early in the 20th century ?
why is the accusative rejected ?
when was the business booming for do it yourself sound <unk> ?
to what can the use of prolonged breathing of oxygen at 60 kpa lead ?
how many hispanics live in the city of boston ?
in what year was <unk> founded ?
what regional planning agency offers graphs and tables of census information for san francisco ?
what is the name of the austrian comrade tito met in moscow in 1936 ?
why is san francisco known as an <unk> innovation center ?
when did the company release a trailer of the phantom riding aspect ?
when a system is <unk> , what does it typically not experience ?
what do coral and algae produce together ?
which company was the italian patents firm representing ?
what is n't the main use of the parish system nowadays ?
when was the <unk> released in japan ?
what was the location of the beginning of the olympic torch route in australia ?
which bond producer would not confirm that the film had been changed to accommodate mexican authorities ?
the new delhi municipal government oversees what large indian city ?
where does miami fall among the least populous urban areas in the united states ?
in what year was the sun power company formed ?
what college does the national register of historic places have cooperative initiatives with ?
up until 1990 , saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups ?
when did madrid get it 's own anthropological society ?
hokkien is sometimes written in what script ?
how many hours of community service must a student perform in order to be eligible for the new haven promise scholarship ?
what constituent schools are incorporated into griffith college cork ?
what is <unk> ?
where did department stores begin to advertise after the large influx of old shoppers ?
does a high ranking on the hdi indicate shorter or longer life expectancy ?
rumors of napoleon 's return from what location were often used as an inspiration for his followers ?
what was the downed u-2 gathering intelligence in advance of ?
content is not protected by what encryption ?
china is the largest what ?
what happens when the immune system less active than normal ?
which dynasty did huguang declare himself an emperor of ?
what was tucker concerned the establishment clause could preempt ?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 2 ?
which of his works addresses redemption and the son of god ?
when did construction of the fortress begin ?
what unified microsoft 's ms-dos and windows products ?
until the 1980s , when had an american film last been shot in shanghai ?
in what year was the final trolley route in new haven converted to a bus line ?
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
what is the main feature of the shaft in a <unk> dc motor ?
what was shrewsbury 's conclusion ?
what may cause some confusion in the us regarding state supreme courts ?
what was n't banned that led to the demise of medieval drama ?
what is the preferred language of hispanophone immigrants ?
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states ?
what is the shortest pier in the uk
in what year did the hungarian revolution take place ?
how long is the upper rhine plain ?
how many companies did microsoft promise were develping products for the new computer ?
what was due in large part to foreign rebels in sierra <unk> ?
how can botany be applied to combating world hunger ?
if a soldier is in a unit in jump status , what color beret do they wear ?
what is the scientific name for the adelgid ?
what type decline does lower wages and higher unemployment lead to ?
is <unk> the inner or outer portion of a growth ring ?
a contract with what television network led to the <unk> of exhibition games in the preseason ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
in what year did the islands annex the united kingdom ?
who is gerry philpott ?
which forest is the largest national forest in the un ?
what nations are sometimes included in the scope of southern europe ?
how many bishops attended the first council ?
what gender 's clothing is often more practical ?
what conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper ?
what group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ?
what greek word is connected with mantis ?
what is the age of key beds if they are related to a fault and not cut ?
how much of the <unk> river flows into the north sea ?
what phenomenon has led to criticism ?
who tried to outlaw slavery ?
france laid siege to montpellier in what year ?
in what year did ahmad ibn ibrahim al-ghazi of <unk> die ?
what happens to grain when it is soaked in water ?
what did some us politicians think coalition forces should n't have been allowed to have done ?
besides the study of prime numbers , what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics ?
what are two examples of films that are marketed with speeds above their true iso speed ?
what minor interstate runs from tijuana to los angeles ?
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , what choice is typically left independent ?
how many members does the alliance 90 have ?
in developing countries , how many workers are exposed to mild pesticide poisining ?
who also struggled to follow whitehead 's writings ?
who introduced the phalanx formation into rome 's army ?
how many strikes has yale had since 1986 ?
how many officers and members <unk> be appointed per year ?
how many newborns were born with issues due to kevadon ?
approximately how many people read the miami herald ?
who was a sichuan school teacher ?
from where is current to the motor not supplied ?
what statement did bohr make about the nucleus of an atom ?
what type of leds are available in <unk> format ?
how many bells do n't make up the abbey ring ?
how many us warships were damaged by gun fire and mines ?
when was tito brought to russia as a prisoner of war ?
how did the <unk> restrict huguenot travel ?
what was humphrey gilbert 's second destination ?
what is it called to kill or trap an animal ?
who was saved with the judges ' save ?
besides agriculture , how do gatherers add to their food supply ?
which people were major slave traders in the 19th century ?
who gave the most speeches of any egyptian leader ?
what ethnicity was his mother ?
what were the sun 's political <unk> early on under murdoch ?
what year did dell stop selling products at retailers again ?
who has founded these small groups of christians ?
in what language was wikipedia first published in in 2011 ?
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ?
this reference also holds insignificance as what the the grecian people ?
what is <unk> ?
what can not coexist with its effect ?
jamboree business parks belongs to which business center ?
what language was in use in the <unk> empire ?
what creatures are often depicted on armenian carpets ?
what year begin the founding of new haven harbor ?
what have many dialects replaced ?
what is the name of one of the tertiary education institutions ?
what gas did oklahoma decide to use for executions in 2015 ?
which acts were introduced into the us senate ?
what nonstandard feature does southern russian use ?
what technological ability with regards to detection is currently available ?
what country completely surrounds swaziland ?
what is the sanskrit form of <unk> ?
what percentage of men delay their byu enrollment to serve as a mormon missionary ?
when did the dreyfus affair occur ?
where did the name " liberal " come from ?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ?
do scientist 's know what can cause somebodys sexual orientation ?
what is the <unk> for algorithms such as <unk> on the order of ?
in 2007 what percent of people were 12 and under ?
the edict protected catholics by discouraging what ?
what countries prevented the soviets from joining the munich conference ?
the russians escaped under the cover of what in 1855 ?
who shared leibniz 's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter ?
which style are none of the reception rooms <unk> in ?
what did the <unk> empire reach under <unk> ?
where did the basic geological changes of this period occur ?
being open formats means that opus and vorbis can be used without what ?
what 1963 film compared nasser to <unk> ?
what organization killed gaddafi 's <unk> ?
during what period did ajmer <unk> have the 4th highest amount of foreign tourists in india ?
what is thought to have contributed to the abolition of slavery in bermuda ?
what would be one of the duties that a newly elected magistrate could expect to perform ?
how many ways did raimon <unk> believed cultural change can be based on ?
what are jet engines used to supply ?
where is d'olier street ?
the <unk> decided to model their news program after what american show ?
northern greece inland features what type of climate ?
in what state of canada is the athabasca basin ?
the <unk> field was estimated to contain how many cubic feet of natural gas reserves ?
who killed yuan <unk> ?
who founded the muslim brotherhood ?
what are some differences between <unk> and disco music ?
what system in the body controls <unk> ?
what is a <unk> a kind of ?
what did forbes say barcelona was worth in 2010 ?
which dutch dialect is so distinct that it 's often called a daughter language ?
for whom are the marshall islands named ?
what type of house was built until the 4th century ce ?
what is smartzone 's email called ?
what is available in <unk> and <unk> ?
what are some features of html ?
what is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest ?
what is neptune named after ?
what group did theodore roosevelt belong to in the 19th century ?
what side of the street will the art pieces be on ?
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience ?
what is a section of a file that contains metadeta referred to as ?
when did techniques begin to be developed to add , remove and edit genes ?
what group was notably disliked in iran after the persian empire fell ?
what solder resist with a <unk> name is a popular choice in the industry ?
what is the primary <unk> in portugal ?
what shows the location of drill cores ?
who could claim victory at the second battle of <unk> ?
what organizational mathmatical tool is used for a time period of less than a day ?
what irish institute of technology evolved independently of the regional technical college system ?
what is the swedish name for the historic museum in st. barts ?
what portion of the reconstruction of saint denis was begun after the completion of the west front ?
how many of the local resistance were killed in the 1857 rebellion ?
who is the current sponsor of london 's cable car operation ?
how many people call a <unk> each year due to pests ?
when was the word " slavs " used in the national anthem of the federal republic of yugoslavia ?
where is the least busiest <unk> base in the world ?
which cathedral demonstrates a drastic example of termination with small pinnacles ?
which two countries declared war on germany on september 3 1939 ?
what inscription mentioned caucasus ?
who was visited by an angel in sura 19 of the qur ' an ?
what is the largest city in all of california ?
typically , what color are london taxi cabs ?
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland ?
name one country that banned boating , driving and flying on sundays .
is a person 's brain fully developed by the time they reach puberty ?
under what category does ocean exploration fall ?
who started the bow street detectives ?
how can patients with <unk> indicate <unk> exists ?
who did elizabeth surpass in longest lived british monarch ?
in what year was prince louis de <unk> born ?
by what group of people is portuguese derived ?
what equinox does the calander end on ?
where did carpet weaving initially spread to inside of the empire ?
how many times has ku lost the national debate championship ?
who made a deal in 1948 with universal for james stewart ?
a two-way distinction in stops was called what ?
what is another name that is used for the british isles ?
what word meaning " low dutch " was sometimes used to distinguish dutch from germany 's language ?
several species of which type dot the steppe and transition zone ?
what plan did the dod release in 2005 ?
what does <unk> argue was influenced by religious madrasa ?
what beginnings rose from the dead ashes of post-punk ?
besides <unk> , what is sentence-style capitalization often applied to ?
what ruler came to power in <unk> ?
what medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ?
what is the name of the scholarship is funded by yale ?
what peace keeping effort is the canadian military part of ?
how many orthodox jew friends did spielberg have while in high school ?
was wesley clark influential in gathering the democratic backing ?
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ?
the brazilian federal supreme court has ruled that treaties enjoy what position relative to ordinary legislation ?
on where are most tourist attractions focused in victoria ?
what was the punishment for the loss of a vestal 's <unk> ?
who was openly planning an invasion of the soviet union ?
in the fall , people go to north carolina to see what ?
in what month and year was the defence of the realm act passed ?
what indicates the edge of a runway ?
what year did victoria start her annual visits to spain due to the boer war ?
what sort of vehicle is most likely associated with <unk> involving dogs ?
what is a basic social unit of somali society ?
when was independence declared ?
what theory sees an non-emotional episode as consisting of components ?
what caused <unk> trade to take off in the 20th century ?
what does firefox 's version for windows 8 do ?
who voted for jacksonville 's annexation ?
what clothing is exclusively for males ?
what materials do test regimes have a lot in common with ?
what was the maximum number of waves through which modern estonians migrated into estonia ?
name one way the plowshares organization temporarily close gcsb waihopai ?
how many copies of the game had been sold on gamecube as of march 2007 ?
in wich <unk> system is the monarch the head of state ?
which region invented the machine gun ?
where was the headquarters of the northern roman empire ?
why did monasteries have gardens ?
in the 8th century , what two kingdoms made up modern-day switzerland ?
when did a victor emerge in world war i ?
to address the shoddy hardware , what popped up across the uk ?
what is a famous opera house in detroit ?
what is a typical argument against affirmative action ?
how many physicians are there per 1000 people as of 2016 ?
what was the highest order of species n land ?
what allows byu students to pursue summer <unk> earlier than most college students ?
who proposed the idea of the italian : vis viva ?
when did the study of cyborg technology begin ?
how many people aside from the president received a death sentence ?
evidence of human <unk> in the alps goes as far back to what era ?
most of the space in the brain is made up of what structures ?
what sales model did dell use for a long time ?
if neptune was formed from <unk> within the original <unk> disc , what was it not formed by ?
what are four of wright 's designs ?
after <unk> 's <unk> how many islands of the group were named ellice ?
what did the chinese use for <unk> their armor ?
what do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living ?
what was special about his telephone ?
what is one of the best <unk> for <unk> ?
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ?
what stage of iranian language was in use until 400 bce and included parthian and bactrian ?
how many restaurants did kanye open ?
corruption changes the playing field by allowing businesses with connections to be <unk> by what ?
who led the final government of the rsfsr ?
what was knocked down in 1866 ?
in what part of the world did the fictional detective , nero <unk> , live in ?
what italian society was founded by <unk> <unk> ?
during what season does iran 's northern region 's temperatures never go higher than <unk> ?
what age ranges does finnish comprehensive school cover ?
how many huguenots fled france by the 1700s ?
what years did ogedei khan rule ?
what is the symbol for zinc ?
what type of movements have tried to unite protestant denominations ?
when it is burned what does hydrogen make ?
in which year did the island store close a week later than normal due to inventory shortages ?
what was <unk> part of the shoen life after the ninth century ?
who was the rebel baron leader ?
what type of church do protestants believe in ?
about many students attend kunskapsskolan schools ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
how often are in-house academic journals published typically ?
what style of architecture did gothic architecture <unk> from ?
what <unk> <unk> during the week of events ?
who led the american idol band after <unk> minor 's departure ?
which turkish cypriot writer has been nominated for the nobel prize in literature twice ?
what religion was adopted by the population in the early 21st century ?
what is the largest private foundation in america ?
motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade ?
what is the name of the first tropical aquarium in germany ?
for use with more than one channel changes are made to increase what property ?
where was nigeria 's fourth satellite launched ?
what are <unk> ?
who was a pioneer of the genre in the uk ?
what are the linguistic blocks catalan lies between ?
what type of language is <unk> ?
what technical college have a campus at uptown charleston ?
how many divisions of the u.s. army were in europe ?
where are the indigenous peoples referred to as " american indians " ?
what movements pursued a more radical direction ?
what is one of the reasons why vrs services are not in most european countries ?
what instrument is used to perform <unk> and numerical experiments ?
what is the primary purpose of a computer having access ?
what word do dutch speakers use for what we call a " <unk> marriage " ?
what happened to russia 's subdivision of government ?
where did french fur trappers travel ?
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states ?
who was the developer of the chinese mandolin ?
how many universally accepted criterion for distinguishing between two languages from two dialects are there ?
when did the song dynasty take place ?
how many deaths did the soviet union suffer in the war ?
what " dictatorship " did gaddafi attack in september of 1978 ?
polish nationalists wanted russian territories in poland to be joined with which national entity ?
what did comics have in the united states because of cultural roots ?
what type of motor can universal motors operate much faster than ?
who founded the bermuda royal yacht club ?
what was the crown tribunal supposed to do ?
what term describes the components of insects ?
who notes the disparity of beliefs among those identifying as timothy beal ?
what group did avicenna found ?
what was the principal social institution of the republic during the french enlightenment ?
what is the similar trait of estonia 's four seasons ?
what identity status paradigm emerged due to the work of james <unk> ?
what was introduced by president barack obama in june 2009 ?
what natives comprise a very small percentage of the population ?
a movement broken up further is called what ?
in time new roman the letter " b " would be consider which type of letter based on whether it is above or below average height ?
when did the alpine crystals begin to be classified ?
what does cci stand for ?
what was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ?
why were standard connectors designed to be so robust ?
who first proved bertrand 's postulate ?
what state enacted the <unk> rule ?
what was the new armor called ?
as a result of a compromise , about how many chinese schools became national type schools ?
how many sets of fingerprints from outside the united states does the fbi store ?
what did john instruct langton to do ?
in what elementary grades is bosnian an optional course ?
what year did the battle of lake <unk> take place ?
which city was alaska 's current capital ?
the cbc lost customers due to their practice of doing this ?
what is a type of dodge built compact truck ?
in english the first consonant in " pin " is what ?
why were laws like the one drop rule enacted ?
when did the first wave of humanism fail to reach europe ?
what type of society was not seen from raimon 's 29 ways ?
when was the first code produced for eastern churches ?
in what year did <unk> samoa make it to the second round of the world cup ?
what picture books from the 16th century show manga origins ?
who distinguished cultural and social <unk> from other sciences in the 1900 's and early 2000 ?
when did eduard <unk> die ?
what <unk> the ecb ?
to whom is the golden boot award given to ?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
what is classified by the <unk> objective ?
in what year did new discoveries change the course of research on samoan origins ?
when did pragmatism arise ?
what is the process of analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a hypothesis ?
what band is fitted in the middle of the satellite dish ?
what year was the canadian army organized ?
how many cities did the leaa study before reaching their conclusion ?
what company provided new haven with the fuel cells currently in place throughout the city ?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response ?
where did <unk> fighting take place ?
colors are typically broadcast using <unk> and then converted to what ?
what is the maximum number of substitutions during most professional games ?
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts .
what is the capacity for gibson <unk> ?
what <unk> the glass bulbs into their characteristic shape ?
what do modern hunter-gatherers use to produce food in addition to gathering ?
when was the basel rebuilt ?
what is damaged when color cancer occurs ?
what country helped north korea invade south korea ?
what is another name for wu or eastern wu ?
what is added for sizing purposes ?
how many <unk> speak russian natively ?
what type of balls did queen victoria hold ?
what happens with inflammatory diarrhea ?
what does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if it catches the arresting wires ?
what type of venue is the teatr wielki ?
what was the result of the deals with the u.s. banks ?
what church do 90 % of christian minority in egypt belong ?
what form of speech shows that sanskrit and prakrits existed together ?
what style were the mass constructed palace blocks designed in ?
how many zones accounted for more than 90 % of total industrial output ?
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
who did richard ii of england marry ?
who discovered <unk> ?
what was the first antibiotic developed from wounds ?
which religion does boyer equate with a modern soap opera ?
the growth of trade between the us and britain after 1783 seemed to confirm whose views ?
the aspiration modifier letter may be tripled to indicate what ?
who was given a projection included in the final summary ?
in what episode is the winner of american idol revealed ?
in what part of kathmandu is swayambhu located ?
what prevents opentype from having alternative glyphs ?
what kind of law is the second law of thermodynamics , as it arises in statistical mechanics ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
tagalog is what kind of language ?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ?
who else uses antibiotics besides the medical industry ?
first published by sir charles lyell in 1830 this book was called what ?
what encouraged borrowing from 2000 to 2003 ?
who were the main competitors that had a monopoly of the <unk> trade in <unk> ?
who were generally temporal rulers ?
how many samoan parties were involved in the war ?
who plays female roles in yueju ?
what year did the u.s. go to war , leading to wider acceptance of daylight savings ?
the 120 operational and developmental properties within the college that are not core to the academic mission belong to which portfolio ?
what word is used in samoa to mean " respect " ?
what did the french lodges promote to try to get women accepted into the freemasons ?
albania was occasionally used as a name for what in the english language ?
in what year did british military forces enter southern italy ?
what is the full name of this american presbyterian church under this abbreviation ( arp ) ?
how many people follow the official laws of the game ?
what year did princess margaret die ?
for how long have the arsenal inspired <unk> clubs worn their uniforms ?
which country is a traditional ally of israel ?
what is the main effect of gender in czech ?
what is the only way to divide hunter-gatherer groups ?
what does northern ireland see as far as short term threats ?
how many weeks will the 2016 regular season last ?
in what book were place names , words and fragments of sentences were not included ?
what method studies the positions of glaciers and their subsurface ?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
what happened with television transmissions in 1964 ?
what is this forced type of study called ?
what do the diversity and distributions of y lineage specific to south america indicate about certain peoples there ?
who was the ruler at the begining of kievan ?
what is another name for phonemic tones ?
what did the sun reporters make <unk> believe ?
how many feet tall was the proposed statue of schwarzenegger ?
what was the topic of von neumann 's work at princeton in 1931 - 32 ?
what sea level rise rate could cause more uncertainty to the welfare of coral reefs ?
what causes elevated vitamin d levels in the elderly ?
what <unk> yale 's <unk> towers ?
natural selection and what makes certain dogs behave certain ways ?
when did the french take control of the region to the north of the congo river ?
who donated a championship trophy for canadian football teams in 1909 ?
what <unk> leader was concerned about nasser 's popularity outside of egypt ?
what surrounds the china basin to the south ?
what was the number of tourists predicted to increase to in 2007 ?
what valuable resources did the nimrod <unk> find in the ross sea ?
what dynasty came before the yuan ?
what did donatello study that inspired sculptures ?
which of the tuvalu <unk> did de peyster see ?
what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate ?
who had skepticism towards strategic bombing ?
what type of motor was used in <unk> traction applications ?
what size is the vacuum in the pump ?
why was there concerns in 2010 ?
aspiration and <unk> are used in what ?
the airport was expected to be completed by what year ?
what did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to get its way ?
what dialect had a fricative in the modern period ?
what health condition can deep sea diving cause ?
what was reported on december 20 , 2004 ?
what is a good way to boost the economy ?
in what year did nathan knorr commission a new translation of the bible ?
the present logo was unveiled in december of what year ?
how much of the of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther east ?
what is windows to stay ?
does physical aggression decline or increase during <unk> , college , and early adulthood ?
at what age , since 2012 , are men allowed to serve a mission after high school graduation ?
a fifth terminal was opened in 2008 for which uk airline ?
the old english bible was composed at the abbey during what time ?
who is currently the chairman of the church ?
what country has the highest percentage of child labour ?
what year did <unk> reach college preparatory school win the national blue ribbon award ?
when did the process of funding the country 's public university begin ?
what is the term for zero kinds of matter ?
new <unk> are chosen from cardinals who head what ?
what section of north carolina makes up 45 % of the state ?
what debate lasts for 55 minutes ?
napoleon formed an alliance with the empire of which persian ruler ?
what is the ultimate aim of the wayback machine ?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions , what north american city did many move to ?
what is utilized by dead organisms as an electron <unk> ?
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ?
digital physicists consider what to be more important than matter ?
how many murders occurred in 2013 ?
for what reason to companies locate in the portuguese science parks ?
what did not develop in eurasia ?
most parliamentary governments need to have the support of what governmental body ?
the <unk> of a computer stands for what ?
of what does team espanyol view barcelona as a team ?
in what year was germany ranked the most valued nation ?
where is the bsx located ?
besides calcium , coated paper has a thin layer of what ?
what do some call the effect that they say caused a <unk> loss for stock exchanges of approximately $ 31 billion in the year 2000 ?
why did frederick iii use a tax and a marriage in upper alsace ?
in 2006 , which northwestern <unk> became the youngest <unk> coach at the time ?
what unit is measured to determine circuit simplicity ?
in what county is plymouth located ?
george washington once paid visit to sherman 's house , what year was this ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
the approaching era of air traffic control prompted passage of what act ?
when were most ennoblements implemented ?
what is the most popular football club in paris ?
what two people created a documentary on chopin for italian tv ?
what was established in the maccabean revolt ?
when did the sweet adelines change their name to acknowledge their international reach ?
how many consecutive years was american idol the top rated show ?
what platform was sentanta sports planning on launching on ?
what religious denomination was n't the only one allowed to hold public office in nc until 1835 ?
what did victoria suffer from after he pregnancies ?
in what historical period did southampton expand greatly ?
what did bronck do ?
when is it coldest in mexico city ?
who 's <unk> led the prophet muhammad to expel the banu <unk> jews instead of kill them ?
when do police often use unmarked cars ?
what high profile contest has the daily kansan won ?
which two continents that comprise a majority of the population worldwide do n't observe dst ?
how long did the <unk> propaganda machine run before the <unk> ?
what was an important power basis for the magnates ?
what event does the chamber of commerce host in the fall ?
under what condition is the approximation c0 <unk> inaccurate for calculation purposes ?
where did arabic <unk> originate ?
who was the raf night fighter ace that used airborne radar to destroy a ju 88 bomber ?
what kind of other applications enable communication between itunes and an ipod ?
who was the least important early supporter of whitehead 's work in the context of theology ?
what industry is supported by animal labor in burma ?
what features of an infectious organism does a culture forbid examining ?
what award did cobb and daly lose for the book ?
what kinds of animals are usually considered feral ?
what did church authorities gain as a result of this edict ?
what country did eisenhower neglect to assist in their military action in vietnam ?
when was l'echo des savanes begun ?
when were the western towers built ?
what is the paper 's stance on the eu ?
in what year was croatia admitted to the communist party ?
who manages the distribution of the funds obtained by the sale of the stamps ?
why were the designs for different usb connectors made ?
what has evolved over time ?
<unk> bags produced <unk> are likely to use what type of coating ?
when did the russian civil war not take place ?
what was the eastern half of the new mexico territory made into ?
a keyboard is what type of peripheral device ?
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ?
when did britain join the european community ?
rudyard kipling was an influential spokesman for what ?
when the clock on your laptop <unk> to dst without you <unk> the clock , what is controlling the change ?
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ?
what is the foothills east of ?
when did robert crispin go up against the turks ?
what is a name for a type of rock music that is extremely varied in sound ?
when did <unk> semiconductor release the first high dc voltage led ?
what makes up majority of the eastern sichuan province ?
how much money did overseas nigerians send home in 2007 ?
what document suggested that county boroughs be eliminated ?
what did the visitors come to experience in the alpine countries ?
what were <unk> lacking that <unk> included ?
what group specifically opposed the huguenots ?
how many billions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources ?
where was the military court located that tried the tribal leaders in 1971 ?
what considers itself the only true heir to the jewish tradition ?
are tin and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful ?
what year was the traymore hotel begun ?
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
how many people participate in el tour de tucson ?
what is economic anthropology highly critical of ?
how many towns have populations greater than 30,000 ?
what tax was maximized by building large and regularly spaced windows
along with <unk> g and dave <unk> , what artist was featured on smooth jazz stations ?
in what year was the office for information for prisoners and refugees founded ?
<unk> created what in 1939 at notre dame ?
shell oil company 's united states business throughout its early history is described as what ?
for whos glory did father <unk> believed that the notre dame football team played ?
what was the name of the second german settlement ?
why were instruments more <unk> to christians ?
to ensure safety of future space missions oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure .
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging to which sport ?
how are the statocysts spaced ?
when did marvel switch to diamond book distributors ?
at the time change to dst , what will a digital clock read just after <unk> ?
what is used to collect the rain expelled from pressing ?
what mechanism can be used to make oxygen ?
new york city became the first what under the new constitution of the united states ?
what are there 105 species of ?
which landmark is considered the spark for lgbt rights ?
what is samsara defined as ?
which verb tense have both english and dutch mostly gotten rid of ?
what famous french historian mention the city within his book democracy in america ?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts to support islamism ?
what is the oldest term for egypt ?
in addition to smoke <unk> , what do fire safety officials suggest people replace batteries in when they set their clocks twice a year ?
what sorts of families did the umayyads show favor to ?
how many estimated substandard loans did fannie and freddie have in 2008 ?
what changes the most in a <unk> transistor circuit ?
in what year did the spanish empire stopped recognizing the republic of the seven united provinces ?
congress refused to allow the us to join what organization ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
what is the lower level of a the australian house of representatives called ?
in what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ?
what language developed in southern fuji ?
where is houston ranked among the least populous cities in the us ?
this group was often exploited and had no legal protection or recourse .
what crime notably increased in richmond over the course of the 1980s ?
how long can <unk> of bacteria stay alive in dormant state ?
in binary fission . when does each genome separate into daughter cells ?
which organization only has the responsibility for writing climate assessment reports ?
where was the eic headquarters abandoned after 1648 ?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ?
what was the first automatic , digital , programmable computer created by konrad zuse ?
who became the new manager of england 's football team in may of 2012 ?
which birds migrate the furthest ?
which kind of purpose is uppercase reserved for in orthography ?
what development zone covers <unk> square miles ?
what is the name of the deepest bay at st barts ?
what type of anthropology concerns itself with the study of photography and film ?
what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in <unk> ?
if a pcb is intended for use in an setting with extreme conditions , what would probably be applied ?
for what device 's sales does apple leverage the itunes store ?
into what language was almagest translated in the 12th century ?
which church is both " catholic " and " reformed " , but also protestant ?
who is known for his embrace of the classical <unk> views ?
in what year did the new zealand governor-general last personally grant the royal assent in parliament ?
what rely on presenting scenes directly to the eye for their own <unk> sake ?
what is imperial porter a type of ?
none of the fantastic four had what hidden element so common to other superheroes ?
who can enforce european union law ?
what is another word for <unk> ?
what was the name of william iv 's heir ?
what is often built to the same standards ?
what year did sviatoslav pass away ?
when was suez canal completed ?
who has argued that emotions are discrete ?
how many battles of the army of northern virginia did confederate troops from north carolina fight in ?
where did freemasonry end ?
what year did season ten of american idol first air ?
what non-religious sect were the <unk> of <unk> <unk> ?
what english school offers sanskrit as a language study ?
what hunters require a hunting license in all states ?
how many tons of living plants are in the rainforest ?
in 2005 , the times dropped the practice of printing what kind of feature of its correspondents ?
how long was a patent valid in <unk> ?
what is charged at ku 's specialized professional schools ?
what is the name of the first aviation community built ?
what is another term for shortening the admission event ?
what language is used for formal purposes by business and government institutes of new delhi ?
what document labeled the the description of the citizenship policy of estonia as " <unk> " ?
what is to the north and west of the plateau ?
what two predators can be hunted in specific numbers ?
what is another term occasionally used to refer to a cappella ?
what year did the ming cut off the karmapa <unk> ?
what are the channel islands and the isle of mann ?
what was paul <unk> 's job in 1984 ?
how many sustainable development goals are there ?
during this time the relationship change between britian and the eic . the eic became more of a what to the crown ??
who was dante 's favorite author ?
what was the first time period that no change began to happen in cubism ?
the slavs make their first appearance in byzantine records when ?
claude <unk> did what based on those elements ?
which queen <unk> the cult of mary in the 6th century ?
when was full coverage of the bbc 's standard programming launched in online stream format ?
who decides if a belief is heretical in the eastern church ?
why are certain bacteria called predatory ?
when did wars between china and france in north america start ?
when did a civil war over succession lead to the collapse of imperial tibet ?
where is the national archives building located ?
during what years was william <unk> channing president of harvard ?
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
on what console did a video game come out about jaws ?
what sometimes <unk> samurais ' loyalty to the <unk> ?
how many people died during the qing troops retaking of nanjing ?
they introduced it in response to what ?
when did france <unk> control of morocco ?
which model is of federalism is similar to the federalism model in australia ?
what arena football league event occurred two days after baker 's resignation ?
the rhine is the longest river in what country ?
based on population alone , what is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ?
what does heating copper ore materials with <unk> remove ?
in the u.s what does " cultural studies " focus largely on in this field ?
when did france begin in earnest to build its global empire for the first time ?
what is the german word for this constitutional high court ?
which syllable does the german pronunciation of hanover stress ?
where was madonna raised ?
what organization invested half a million pounds in the <unk> museum ?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
what crime had kerry said north committed ?
what refers to architecture that uses a wide variety of materials and <unk> from different regions ?
the <unk> turkish war <unk> in the signing of what treaty ?
what measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water ?
what is one investment assigned safe ratings by the credit rating agencies ?
how many parts is in the textual apparatus ?
what field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ?
in what year did king henry vi 's reign begin ?
what is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ?
who coined the term duplication event ?
when did the han banners grow to eight ?
a characteristic of the cycle other than fat storage is a continuously high stimulation of what ?
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwii ?
in what year did wembley stadium open ?
pepsi paid beyonce how much in 2012 for her endorsement ?
what tour did elizabeth take in 1953 ?
what kind of injury can cause a no contest ruling ?
when did general wavell resign as commander of the allied forces of southeastern asia ?
what show in new zealand was the inspiration for the british series pop idol ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
in what year was the act passed the made a parallel east india company ?
to what year does namibia and cuba relationship go back to ?
when did the kievan state unit ?
who demonstrated close to the <unk> in july of 1978 ?
how many <unk> divisions of zhejiang are there ?
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ?
on what date did montini become the archbishop of milan ?
what is qed short for ?
what is one example of a unique factorization domain ?
who decides what the limit is for <unk> fractions of blood plasma fractions ?
how many days can the <unk> gather for analysis ?
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term ?
what did khrushchev want nasser to remove the ban on ?
who was the everton fc team 's longest serving manager ?
what is a main advantage of the efficiency cycle ?
what is the result of karma called ?
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what ?
for how long did an <unk> paul vi meet with <unk> <unk> in 1978 ?
what research university is located in midtown ?
hdtv handles what aspect ratio without using <unk> or <unk> stretching ?
what is the average <unk> of a person ?
how did the new king react to the huguenots ?
how many debates did schwarzenegger participate in before the 2003 california recall election ?
where did the grand canal start ?
in romania , there are two <unk> lines where ?
opposition to the use of bedaquiline think what providers were influenced by a connection with the drug company ?
the times is found to have the highest number of readers from what age group ?
which country does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ?
when was <unk> <unk> first diagnosed in a patient ?
payment structure affected the variability of which societies ?
who was the first elected president of the barcelona club ?
what film did jennifer hudson win an academy award for ?
for how long did the northern cod fishery provide a stable economy for st. john 's ?
what do red <unk> algorithms usually exploit ?
compounding was not popular in the loading of what machines ?
in what year did ruth <unk> become president ?
how many grammy awards has kanye west won ?
who replaced the normans as the ruling class ?
what organism <unk> a <unk> in the sand then touches the goby fish with its tail ?
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ?
what mainland australian city was attacked by the japanese on february 19 ?
what was william tillcar 's profession ?
what does oxygen therapy promote the body to take up ?
how many <unk> networks were there in the world ?
when did <unk> <unk> the <unk> policies ?
where is the <unk> located ?
why were multiple holidays seized by the catholic population ?
what 's the name of the <unk> between samoa and virgin australia ?
what year was fig founded ?
what is tucson 's city population in 2010 ?
individuals must remain jehovah witnesses if they wish to receive what from god ?
the traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem ?
what book was written by <unk> j. adler ?
in what year did napoleon come to power in france ?
what 's arnold schwarzenegger 's middle name ?
how many successive civil wars occurred between greek clans ?
what was a <unk> of the hashimiyya movement ?
what gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce ?
what does ctenophore use to capture prey ?
in what century did the latin <unk> bible use the term <unk> bis <unk> ?
along with hospitals , medical centers and biotechnology industries , what is notably absent in the civic center ?
when did nigeria win a summer olympics gold medal ?
what does vedic mean ?
who was the 4th bc indian <unk> ?
what results from modular addition ?
what was believed to be one of the burma reasons for the unrest in 2012 ?
what is the theft or damage to hardware or software ?
along with northern and <unk> , what is the third main group of somali dialects ?
who was an influential baptist of the 18th century and the primary leader of this movement ?
what is the act of analyzing <unk> called ?
what entities are working together to promote the heels model ?
what theorem remains valid in unique gaussian primes ?
what is the name of the ancient map of the greek world named ?
how much of the population depends on agriculture ?
when was the program necessary to <unk> and archive the web created ?
what does the opinion of roman inhabitants not have ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
which empires grew during the 18th century ?
the nobility was protected from what ?
what race was beyonce 's father ?
where did mary first meet joseph ?
who are magical creatures from another world ?
who captured multan in 1761 ?
what party had more than a third of the house of commons ?
about how many somalis live in the uk ?
what was <unk> referred to in ancient chinese ?
what usually exploits <unk> coding ?
what route was the replacement rms st helena built for ?
what was the previous name of <unk> university of technology ?
what type of games ca n't users find participants for in home ?
what is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the board system they find ?
who had stolen the stone of <unk> ?
how many rugby teams are there in lancashire ?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
who does the goddard space flight center belong to ?
where were architects like george dance based ?
when did the beidou system begin operating in china ?
survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship ?
in what decade did finland stop employing comprehensive schools ?
<unk> v dc is used in what district in connecticut ?
who influenced the taliban 's ideology ?
what prayer festival precedes <unk> ?
what do the sunni consider ibn abi talib to the successor of ?
what was the normal per game attendance of afl games in the 1990s ?
who believes the sumerians lived in the area of modern persia ?
of what form are sophie germain primes ?
what type of government did nepal have after the monarchy ?
what is the nickname of miami 's nfl team ?
who described a steam turbine in 1690 ?
derived from persian , what does the arabic masihi word mean ?
who was the first pope to visit five continents ?
how much was allocated ?
about how many cubic meters of wood was used in 1991 to make products like <unk> , <unk> , and structural composite lumber ?
who introduced the last quantized model of the atom ?
when was the directory of public worship developed ?
what was <unk> on april 1 ?
in the us how many contractors were employed in construction as of 2011 ?
what state is home to the first data center ?
what is the dermis mainly consist of ?
in what year did n't the stockholm bloodbath take place ?
what famous street was built during this period of modernization ?
when did li tan lead a revolt ?
what theory was not supported by anyone ?
what do <unk> in the us and <unk> in russia do ?
what theory accounted for the mercury problem ?
who created the nation 's first aviation community ?
in what year did blackpool and <unk> become independent unitary authorities ?
what purpose does the hcp state listed species can not be taken for ?
in what era did <unk> start eating a browsing diet ?
what symbol did the protesters wear on their arms ?
what are internet pharmacies also called ?
who issued the only papal <unk> against freemasonry ?
what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency has the compound engine achieved ?
what <unk> loyalty to the queen mother ?
where did british writer lawrence <unk> reside from <unk> ?
what was nigeria 's population in 2009 ?
which year was the study published ?
what declared saint helena a dependency of the islands ?
who proved that air is necessary for combustion ?
the mgm/ua-turner deal concerned tcm films released prior to what date ?
what did the byzantines help the khazars with ?
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene ?
what is the relationships between plants animals and bacteria ?
what ancient festival was celebrated until the 5th century ?
where else reported slavic settlements ?
how many vacant homes in florida in 2009
what is the dutch language officially called in the netherlands ?
which was built first , the first elevator shaft or the first elevator ?
how is the british crown estate held by elizabeth ?
in what year was the domesday book compiled ?
turing machines are commonly employed to define what ?
what legal case sought to <unk> the environmental protection agency to regular greenhouse gases ?
how many mayors has detroit had ?
the team that discovered <unk> was led by who ?
what is the main example of a dc power source ?
when did the degree symbol fall out of use in the din system ?
how many students were executed in january of 1977 ?
for how long does the biannual break from government last ?
what may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it feeds on ?
in what place did the engineering school at ku appear in 2015 ?
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ?
how many somerset soldiers died in all in the first world war ?
who voted to get rid of the special seats ?
what type of boat design was first invented during the han era ?
how many immigrants to paris in 2012 were from the <unk> ?
what is one of the weaknesses the sun thought blair possessed ?
who standardized the books of the new testament ?
how does long term exposure to stress also cause <unk> in memory ?
who holds the title cardinal of rome ?
how many <unk> trees are there in central sahara ?
the beginning of what ended the <unk> ?
what is the fourth planet to have small <unk> moments compared to neptune ?
what literary movement in the 1700s <unk> the <unk> literature of medieval times ?
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
what was the worth greece 's shipping services lost in 2011 ?
what did reformers considered their beliefs to be , in terms of focus ?
rather than a definition , the text of the treaty is considered as what type of tool ?
when did nigeria change its import policies to encourage local manufacturers ?
in italy , the eastern projection beyond the transept often contains what ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
what is the name of the original property that marvin gardens takes its name from ?
what dynasty <unk> the rise of egypt as international power ?
non-standard german is part of what germanic language ?
how many years did nbc sports receive an extension for with the premier league in 2015 ?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ?
what does coral way disconnect to coral <unk> ?
what kathmandu industry is particularly known for its english speakers ?
what nationality with the protestant priests of the flying fathers ?
which ipod product features the smallest data storage capacity ?
what organization never supported economic reform efforts ?
what must designers of systems that are acl based do ?
what kind of company was emc corporation originally when founded ?
what tower was completed int he 20th century ?
which vitamin are the bacteria present in the gut responsible for producing ?
what is the most recent era of latin canon law ?
for how long did huguenots continue to use french names ?
which industry is the airport supposed to help when it becomes complete ?
during what administration was gerald ford president ?
what ideology did popper never become <unk> with ?
where was n't the focus of paintings on <unk> and surfaces ?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity ?
where does plymouth rank in population among the cities of the uk ?
what term did not gradually become exclusive to rome to indicate those <unk> with electing the pope ?
when did yongle emperor send yang sanbao into tibet ?
in what year was the memel territory established ?
what would confirm the theory the sun will rise ?
what do specialized predators and prey rely on to get the upper hand ?
who did anglophone colonies democratically <unk> hunting for ?
what are time measurements part of ?
who directed the armistice negotiation for the chinese ?
who did n't suspend the communist party of the russian soviet federative socialist republic ?
what does an <unk> of the left <unk> lead to ?
how many members compose the legislature ?
what status does <unk> have in georgia 's government ?
what do some linguists restrict the <unk> <unk> to ?
according to the federal constitution , how many cantons are equal in status ?
were <unk> quiet or loud instruments ?
what are three parts of the university of kansas house in the college of liberal arts and sciences ?
how many groups of estonian dialects are there ?
how many types of mba 's does washington university offer ?
what does intellectual property create for 5 <unk> people ?
what created a <unk> atmosphere on earth ?
who is one of frederick williams ' descendants ?
in what year was emperor leopold i crowned ?
from where does radio tuvalu broadcast ?
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ?
what are the newer micro-usb receptacles designed for ?
the argument of the " survival machines " proposes that what two species are competing for the same genes ?
how many rooms does the palace have closed off ?
what was the name of the 1768 war that involved the bar confederation uprising against russia ?
what year was the treaty of paris disagreed on ?
what year did prince albert die ?
what year was a virus induced flu reported ?
when was the scale to measure the rhine introduced ?
why did general macarthur suggest an amphibious landing at inchon ?
what political movement group is known in within city among non whites ?
when did rapid warming begin and help vegetation ?
what does hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is not rooted in ?
when a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-235 does n't result in a burst of heat , what does it result in ?
what is the <unk> tern known as on norfolk island ?
what is measuring and storing <unk> of an mp3 file also known as ?
who was the focus of recruitment by <unk> parties ?
what is the name of the 37 gear computer which noted the motions of the sun and moon ?
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today ?
what is the name of the agreement that guarantee burma 's freedom from foreign rule ?
what is a <unk> rule ?
which language from indonesia is not derived from sanskrit ?
which america 's cup competitions did valencia host ?
what does the online copyright liability limitation infringement act allow copyright holders to do ?
what group of people was first discovered in 1972 ?
what term was used negatively in the 1800 's ?
whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
when did alexander the great reach india ?
what was n't discovered as the result of both columbus ' and da gama 's <unk> ?
through what process did darwin believe emotions developed ?
what was the local population called indigenous to the santa monica area ?
who believes that physics defined materialism ?
what does oxygen cause to form on metals ?
what spanish word is similar to the italian word <unk> ?
what did some buyers not like about <unk> ?
how has the amount of members in the premier league and football league changed ?
how many times more yield does the mechanical pulping process produce when compared to to the chemical pulping process ?
what was the largest denomination in north carolina in 2010 ?
who filled <unk> that arose among the cardinal priests ?
what was israel 's population in 2016 ?
which region did yellow tiger conquer in the mid-17th century ?
who wrote about an antarctic region in the third century <unk> ?
what city is surrounded by valleys ?
when did <unk> with electromagnetic waves begin ?
where do 90 % of the population live in himachal pradesh ?
where does customary law still exist ?
when did madonna enter mainstream films ?
mary <unk> argued for a society based on what idea ?
what gender was expected to be conscripted into the military ?
where were monastic communities allowed to celebrate mass in private ?
what part of a tree is the <unk> area of the sapwood approximately proportional to ?
what is <unk> produced by ?
when year did the <unk> raid happen ?
what is a <unk> provider ?
when was the draft passed to have mpeg-1 audio approved as a standard ?
what <unk> clouds of gas and makes them readily detected ?
water from broke through and joined the westward flow to the pacific ?
what does the no <unk> rule requires landowners to put aside ?
what accounts for more than 10 % of wood pulp ?
who reported ivory coast farmers usage of child labour ?
what is the name of the empire napoleon dissolved that later led to unification in germany ?
what limits the amount of life that can live at once on earth ?
what is the <unk> <unk> ?
vendobionta lived during which period ?
what does zooplankton have to cope with when eaten by <unk> ?
when was the beginning of modern science considered to be ?
what coalition rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ?
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ?
who performed " the boys in blue " ?
who did the bishops want to be their bishop ?
in what year did the revolutionary <unk> seminar occur ?
what sound emerged in detroit with the recordings of juan atkins and derrick may ?
what year did <unk> buy seagram ?
after the surprise attack what did libyan troops do in <unk> neighborhoods ?
what will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ?
what is stephen j. lee 's nationality ?
what is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ?
when was the desert land act passed ?
who are the battle of <unk> and the battle of <unk> pocket notable to ?
when was the ottoman empire at its height ?
when was the greek philosopher philo born ?
who was it essential to islam to imitate ?
was child labour <unk> in australia ?
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored ?
what did <unk> and biological anthropology <unk> shift away from ?
what kind od <unk> where proterozoic rocks made from ?
what other <unk> is done with portuguese pavement ?
the <unk> occupied which region ?
how much were they ordered to pay in damages for the strike ?
when was the casas adobes plaza built ?
when did comic strips start appearing in <unk> collection volumes ?
when did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro become illegal ?
what did increased communications lead contribute to ?
what was one of the countries that defeated nazi germany ?
how long does everton fc have to pay back 30 million they borrowed from bear <unk> and <unk> ?
how many people work for the guam department of education ?
<unk> augustus caesar had his coins made out of what alloys ?
controversy regarding these accusations has caused harmony with how many presidential administrations ?
what is the smallest number of protein coding genes that a virus can have ?
what was robert boyle inspired to write by tufail 's work ?
buddhist temples in which two cities made use of the shoen system ?
what is the heat generated from a concentrating solar power system used for ?
what is often considered valuable for generating a new set of philosophical problems ?
what is the population of the commonwealth ?
compounding was not popular in the construction of what machines ?
on what continent was the book of healing finally available forty years after its composition ?
what religious writing came from sri lanka ?
<unk> data and formatting input do not qualify as what ?
how many <unk> of this new way of thinking or religion were presented >
what is the most popular protestant church to christians ?
who was dante 's guide through <unk> and hell in the divine comedy ?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
when were details of the final version of the released ?
what does the electromagnetic force attract to one another ?
which train stations are within walking distance of the southern end of campus ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
what can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ?
the pact ended at a 1 july 1991 meeting in which country ?
who became chancellor of the university of cambridge in 2002 ?
why do mountains between <unk> and <unk> tend to have snow ?
in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act passed ?
why have <unk> been banned in some areas ?
in what year did the sadp assume its current form ?
it can be said that lights with a high color temperature have more energy in what color spectrum ?
what philosophies overlay chinese medicine ?
what happens after the firebox melts ?
who negotiated the <unk> treaty ?
when was the royal northern college of music formed ?
modern dog breeds are what type of classification which is maintained by modern <unk> clubs ?
what two words is ' <unk> ' a <unk> of ?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions ?
how are torque motors used in computer gaming ?
where did the 1896 cincinnati red stockings relocate to ?
what is the shape of a gravitational field ?
what happens when a country bans a movie ?
what has definite content independent of the particular theory of matter ?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
players who are sent off in a game are often faced with what ?
how do bills pass through parliament ?
who is the father of the ideology hayek came to support ?
how many albums does kanye have on the " 500 greatest albums of all time " list ?
how many combinatory and graph theoretical problems , formerly believed to be plagued by intractability , did karp 's paper address ?
in what year did heinz kloss develop a framework for describing dialects genetically ?
what were picasso 's 1970 paintings usually characterized by ?
what was the median age for viewers for season one ?
what are the most commonly used encodings ?
what did <unk> say he would boycott on march 31 2013 ?
who has stirred controversy for development and design of chelsea barracks ?
what is the zionist <unk> of the state of israel seen as according to the <unk> way of life ?
how is the <unk> gender divided ?
how far east of chengdu is the planned food processing area ?
who <unk> a ballet which included chopin 's work ?
during the 17th and 18th centuries , what happened to the population in england ?
what can be a intrinsic component of landscaping ?
what are the least powerful anti-inflammatory drugs ?
how long after the annexation of <unk> was n't the amendment made ?
what had no english-speaking participants ?
in which season did <unk> become a sponsor of american idol ?
what are logograms used in the writing of chinese ?
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ?
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
what areas were the first places colonized by the portuguese ?
what is an official document which expresses an agreement between two states ?
what design did peter cooper feel was the most efficient ?
in 2012 , most illegal immigrants entered greece from where ?
how many tents did the sichuan ministry of affairs provide ?
what product of uranium was used as <unk> ?
<unk> electron and proton are not bound together in what state ?
are antibiotics used in certain types of antibiotic resistance ?
the return of an nfl team to which city contributed to the demise of the cfl 's american expansion ?
what did fujiwara no <unk> lead in the east ?
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine ?
how does tucson rank among us cities ?
how many gas mask were issued before the war ?
how many people might actually be homeless ?
the development of terra preta allowed for what to happen in the amazon forest ?
who was the inspiration for methodism ?
who standardized castillan and made it the government 's official language ?
what do cold or <unk> <unk> <unk> cause ?
what is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ?
how is the domestic building of terminal 1 connected at the <unk> atlanta international airport ?
who helps out a wrestler with poor speaking abilities ?
during which year did congress authorize the presidential <unk> of fair competition codes ?
what federal service operates new york city parks ?
how long after the <unk> of the avengers did the league fail to ratify the new collective bargaining agreement ?
what is electromagnetic radiation stored in ?
what do citizens from other nations need in order to talk about norfolk island ?
which politician purposely created strong state divisions to a weaker national party ?
what certification was the kulluk missing ?
what great separation came to be from a dispute over the succession to muhammad ?
where are the <unk> binding site , terminator and start and stop codons located on transcribed <unk> ?
what is the acronym for french 's intelligence service ?
along with electric motors , what type of engines superseded turbines ?
what hobby champions the use of old english ?
what two private canadian broadcasters did the cbc merge with ?
in what century were distinct gothic details used on new construction at oxford and cambridge ?
what is germany 's leading art school in thuringia ?
how do ctenophores control buoyancy ?
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
in addition to stop & shop , what new <unk> is located one block from the green and is <unk> to serve the growing downtown population ?
saltpetre was used for what people , specifically the need for this product had people overlooking <unk> sales ?
what was one of albert the great 's biggest contributions during the medieval period ?
what were <unk> members accused of ?
where were " <unk> " created with the <unk> software used ?
which group was favorable to zhang huan ?
what is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ?
which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ?
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
what class increased it 's interest in music during the 19th century ?
in which city is the gandhi <unk> located ?
the service licensed to japanese government has a location accuracy of what ?
what company did lew wasserman make a deal with in 1948 ?
how did the <unk> respond to the uprisings ?
which english philosopher wrote <unk> in <unk> ?
what is a common type of symbiosis in which the interaction between species is detrimental to both organisms involved ?
when was the imperial library directorate established ?
in approximately what year did revitalization most recently begin to occur in downtown new haven ?
in the us , what is the main tool to track and stimulate voluntary actions ?
in the 2007 meeting with the government , <unk> murdoch , owner of the times , stated that the law and the independent board prevented him from doing what ?
kant 's work continued to shape german thought and european philosophy well into what century ?
a mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village ?
what sport evolved from polo ?
which magazine advocated for galician nationalism ?
how many times did frederic and liszt collaborate in performances during the years of 1833 to 1841 ?
where was the ' continental model ' of police from ?
are higher or lower levels of parental support associated with risky sexual behavior ?
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into what ?
where do nascar races in miami take place ?
how are modern plants studied ?
what does the acronym <unk> stand for ?
how many people compose the japanese mandolin orchestras ?
the fcc denied the deal by what vote ?
<unk> is when consonants are weakened to become what ?
when was the once upon a time novel released ?
what advantage was there in being a vestal at games ?
the term global war on terror required formally doing what ?
what did culture never refer to in practice ?
what did nobles get in from the king during election ?
who wrote the protoevangelium of james ?
who was in charge of dealing with the lebanon situation ?
what has shortened the rhine river ?
when did the <unk> rule ?
approximately how many people were intended to use miami intermodal center ?
what ethnic backgrounds came from cossacks ?
examples of static testing include <unk> , <unk> , and what other item ?
what level alert was <unk> for the quake ?
in what year did cd sales peak ?
rather than host the old festivals , what type of events does nanjing host each year ?
how many units of the wii version of twilight princess had been purchased by the end of march 2007 ?
how many citizens were massacred in isfahan by timur in <unk> ?
in what year did the black death spread into england ?
in addition to clay aiken and <unk> <unk> , which other idol is from north carolina ?
what office contains the cia 's administrative offices ?
how much of victoria 's farmland is sold <unk> ?
who wrote the story on tulisa <unk> ?
what is <unk> <unk> in relation to st barts ?
what religion 's schools does the term ' parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
what marks the end of the als at <unk> airports ?
in what year was <unk> media network awarded the media of the year prize ?
what two countries were east prussia partitioned into after world was ii ?
how many theories were included within the principia mathematica ?
what was the fort that was being built to be named ?
what was seen as " <unk> " in the united states ?
what happened to british isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age ?
vertical installation is done by <unk> the leads what degrees ?
what do preaspirated stops contrast with in icelandic ?
what claims were not refuted ?
in what year did n't the discovery of uranium occur ?
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ?
what year was the indian rebellion ?
which english city had a population greater than 40,000 in 1600 ?
for freshman enrolling in the class of 2017 , what was the interquartile range on the sat for math ?
what ideas did the report in 1964 state ?
what controls the voltage applied between the gate and the source terminals ?
what is the relationship called in a hierarchical model ?
what is the minimum bit rate for compressed video and audio transmission ?
how many us special forces were killed on 14 september 2009 ?
who was exiled when he lost the favor of the monarch ?
what did the german scientist refer to ireland as ?
how many japanese forces were in korea in 1945 ?
what is zhejiang 's location vulnerable to from the sea ?
where did iroquois confederation control ?
what can an <unk> sentence consist only of in english ?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country ?
when did commercial sea hunts on norfolk island stop operating ?
where was the universal manufacturing film company incorporated ?
what is professional wrestling abbreviated as ?
why does an isp need to pay an upstream isp ?
which street does club row occur on ?
what year was the first department store closed in france ?
in what year were <unk> 's seven out of nine counts acquitted ?
what was the largest republic in the soviet union ?
which oceans did the sub base provide access to ?
who was referred to as the <unk> right ?
what language did elizabeth speak ?
what measurement is expressed in mass per unit substance ?
as of 2012 , how many finalists did american idol have ?
what is the function of specialize cells located in the brain ?
what is the population of new delhi ?
how many square kilometres of the amazon forest was lost by 1991 ?
which part of the <unk> government were the two publications listed concerning ?
what is the cotton harvesting machine that removes the boll with damaging the plant ?
which neighborhood surrounds 122nd street ?
from where did the islands rule the united kingdom ?
on what river does warsaw stand ?
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ?
where was the russians building a new fort ?
<unk> was said to be the scapegoat of who ?
what language has been proven to proceed sumerian ?
how is the official determination of who is the best in the world made ?
what years did the <unk> start and end ?
where is the el <unk> mall ?
who ranked new york as the fashion capital of the world ?
when did french republicans back building the french empire ?
what does pushing with gravity perform ?
when was " the adventures of tintin " serialized ?
are the vessels in <unk> wood large or small ?
what is the name of the section of the saturday edition of the times that features travel and lifestyle ?
when was the treaty of <unk> written ?
where can the most differences in <unk> be found besides vocabulary ?
what is the group of elements used to join the elements of an antenna ?
can the members of the upper house be elected directly or indirectly ?
at least how many native alaskan languages exist , according to the alaska native language center ?
name a larger car that toyota came up with as buyers lamented the small sized compacts ?
what brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ?
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults ?
which families experienced the least decline in wealth between 2007 and 2009 ?
in relation to the shelf the small letters were located , where were the capital letters ?
what is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ?
what was the minimum size of the land that lawrence could provide for the university ?
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ?
how many quadrants lit up with the e74 error ?
what are the fingers tr-808 , tr-909 , and tb 303 examples of ?
when did the <unk> rule ?
who asserts that they will respond to direct contacts requesting material be removed from the archive ?
who did the mongols give control of korea ?
when did the british defeat new france ?
how many boroughs does new york city have ?
what part of houston does san jacinto college serve ?
who admired the methods of the incan confederacy ?
as a grade school child he created an electronic device while his parents were away , what was it ?
what is the name of the major event that caused flooding in the eastern united states ?
where did david jones and charles appleton meet ?
in what year did the aksum become christians ?
where are <unk> opinions published ?
when was most of the urbanization completed ?
how many curonians were left behind after many immigrated to west germany in 1958 ?
what kind of story is told in <unk> ?
on what day are repeats of the essentials shown ?
outside europe , napoleonic code has been used as the basis for certain parts of what ?
how was this possible
which holy roman emperor were the habsburgs under in <unk> ad ?
who produced the song " on and on " in 1984 ?
what problem did some tree ring data have ?
give an example of an animal that feeds off of other animals for reproduction ?
what have international political parties not chosen for themselves since 2000 ?
what provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted ?
what type of housing did the han government provide to <unk> <unk> peasants ?
what was the second largest city in the united states in 1790 ?
how many listed buildings in somerset
what do non-self-executing treaties typically require from a party to enable it to fulfill its obligations ?
what did eisenhower have in common with presidents taylor , grant , taft and hoover ?
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ?
what date did civilians begin to permanently leave norfolk island ?
what time of the day did the quake happen ?
which navy was assumed not to be able to operate under german air superiority ?
what type of cholesterol requires careful limitations ?
who wrote ' the world in grey ' ?
the 1998 iso <unk> allowed for what type of compression ?
what is thought to be the cause of modulating inflammation ?
what famous research university is located in houston ?
what has likely led to human success ?
which building 's reconstruction cost $ 82 million ?
which competition did <unk> win ?
what is the struggle that darwin describes about population <unk> to ?
what is the name of the border to the south ?
what is craft freemasonry forbidden as being known as ?
what language texts are as much as 70 % sanskrit ?
when did eastern governments support fledgling islamists ?
what was comcast 's <unk> business prior to 1999 ?
where is the " dish bell " kept ?
what religious festival is also known as the festival of light ?
what was passed in 1805 ?
what was one thing the uk wanted in return for granting access to bermuda ?
what naval battles did france lose in 1759 ?
what leaves a pattern on the paper that does n't have a consistent density width and <unk> ?
from what system is a distinctive future tense prominent ?
who was chief justice of the supreme court under the wayman v. southard ruling ?
who founded a new cbs records in 2016 ?
mental phenomena and what else are not identical with material interactions ?
<unk> is found in what locus ?
what things did the network concentrate on
how many people worked for warner brothers studio ?
in which year did hungary attempt to leave the warsaw pact ?
persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth ?
what is a mixture of impure substances ?
what is the distance between asmara and <unk> ?
what did president truman do to prevent hostilities between the people 's republic of china and taiwan ?
does armenia have more rural or <unk> <unk> ?
in march 2014 , the times had an average daily circulation of how many people ?
when did the yogacara school end ?
how often does the michigan chronicle publish ?
what two resources are uncommonly consumed by alternate models and are typically known to vary ?
what is one prominent , specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism ?
what kind of <unk> is a jag ?
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
what ancient settlement was established after rome invaded and the britons were conquered ?
what has the color of the arsenal home shirts been ?
who saved jem and scout from bob ewell ?
where can a tribute to the fall of katyn be found ?
what did ethiopians learn in order to use treaties to prevent a european power from <unk> their agreement ?
what is the standard pronunciation of catalan ?
what is the only us state to have a reception statute ?
who heads the <unk> movement ?
what enzyme 's presence is characteristic of specific types of viral infections ?
how many victorians have a buddha statue ?
power delivery protocols have been updated to facilitate what ?
how many oscar nominations did ' munich ' get ?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ?
along with anger , disgust , happiness , sadness and fear , what is n't one of ekman 's basic emotions ?
what was namibia previously called ?
where did jacob and his family migrate to ?
transition in heat is comparable to what ?
what color does <unk> make neptune ?
trading in the indian ocean was mainly controlled by whom ?
what is the name of the large shopping center
when in his life did spielberg ' feel like an alien ' ?
when was the boat show first held in mayflower park ?
where was <unk> built ?
what kind of pollution is caused by emissions from cars while they 're sitting in traffic ?
samuel rutherford used the principle of the rule of law to argue what point ?
what is a glass master ?
what was approved by pope john paul ii on july 5 , 2013 for pope francis ?
what amount of copper salt is toxic in animals ?
where were court functions held upon the queens return to london ?
which melbourne based university has campuses in malaysia ?
who declared him " blessed ? "
what is raleigh 's daily newspaper ?
what did later members <unk> the order with ?
what institution controls byu ?
during which month of 2013 did the system begin a trial operation ?
on which date did hostilities between the german and french troops begin near orleans ?
what language was west saxon literature translated to ?
namibia has one of the highest rates of what type of income problems in the world ?
musical forms for dance began to standardize during what era ?
when did english freemasonry arrive in france ?
which of schwarzenegger 's sons was with him when he had a motorcycle accident in 2006 ?
from who are words equivalent in meaning to ' latin " derived ?
who was switzerland 's first female president ?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
what were carriers used for in the early 20th century ?
of what university is the roland levinsky building a part ?
near what oklahoma city is the <unk> oil field located ?
how many <unk> were likely to be found in a single <unk> legion ?
what asserts that energy is always conserved and that cool flow is a form of energy transfer .
what purpose does selenizza have in the drilling industry ?
when a parameter is dropped , the remaining numeric parameter is specified first , followed by what ?
along with gas cooled reactors , what type of reactor does n't use uranium-235 ?
whose student wrote a persian tafsir of the quran in the 11th century ?
what is the abbreviation for a <unk> operations center ?
what caused trade in the desert to decrease ?
what is ' grey literature ' ?
what was the name of the ship that was a temporary fishing facility ?
when was the british east india company established ?
what can concentrated oxygen produce ?
what did the city decide again ?
what allowed political studies to spread ?
by what year was the germanic empire split into two sections ?
what churches no longer operate with their own private system of canon law ?
in what year did people stop using the term " <unk> " for this county ?
in what year was the first indigenous australian elected to the house of representatives ?
when did the french armed forces end ?
in 1936 , what place did bell receive on a list of best inventors ?
in what area of alaska was camp hollywood located ?
what is <unk> highest point in the state ?
what beverage is consumed by more people in kathmandu , coffee or tea ?
people with dogs get more of what than people with cats or no animals ?
what is the name of the first feast attended by mary ?
what kind of <unk> did afro samurai have ?
four members of the assembly made up what council , responsible for devising policy for norfolk island ?
what other people worked with von neumann on target selection ?
the formation of sea routes <unk> the middle east may have led to the decline of what ?
what measures the amount of light entering the eye ?
how many people died in 2011 in europe from asthma ?
what is the typical range of registers for a cpu ?
what is it called when relatives are favored over other people ?
how many people died on the general slocum ?
who were the defending champions of the arena football league ?
who was the father of prince henry the <unk> ?
who began serving on april 1 , 1985 ?
what causes the increase of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age ?
which company makes <unk> in midtown ?
what oxygen reservoir is the driving factor of the oxygen cycle ?
what defunded the development of programs for managing endangered species ?
what have translators tried to preserve ?
which subject did feynman and carl both dislike ?
who did n't supply the funding to cover the <unk> ?
what empire was especially good at translation ?
in what african country is sanitation sufficient for most residential areas ?
what minor award did gian carlo menotti win ?
how does one not obtain a goal of understanding ?
other than the base of a side branch , what tree feature causes a knot ?
what was elizabeth 's nickname ?
what is used to make <unk> ?
what does <unk> <unk> <unk> believe if god is the universe ?
which city has almost all of its sidewalks in portuguese pavement ?
what was dalton 's erroneous formula for water ?
who designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ?
in 1815 , the times had a circulation of how many people ?
what is another term for the pivot mounting ?
what is made of solid gold and silver <unk> ?
how did each translator of the bible die in alexandria ?
what style of music was gary <unk> associated with ?
what madonna single is credited as helping bring house music to the mainstream ?
what roman businesses were analogous to modern day pubs ?
what region was fought for during the syrian wars ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
along with hospitals , medical centers and biotechnology industries , what is notably present in the civic center ?
what kind of orthography was missing from proto-slavic ?
what is the name of one of the <unk> islands ?
about what nearby planet could the antarctic meteorites hold data ?
how many subordinate divisions did the national military establishment contain ?
who did he introduce bulgarian pilgrims to ?
who sent mahayana missionaries to india ?
what is the latin word for architecture ?
which apple device has the ability to sync with itunes via the phone network ?
in what somali <unk> in kenya have somalis invested over $ 1.5 billion ?
what often allow users to locate entries in several ways ?
how many basic precepts are there for <unk> ?
what group does a <unk> officer belong to ?
in what year did the german artillery bomb the library ?
the national aeronautics and space act was established in what year ?
what extraordinary property does the alloy made up of 90 % copper and 10 % nickel possess ?
what were british plans against french ?
who has executive authority in saint helena ?
who developed the same technology as baran
when designing a capacitor , what is an important rating to consider ?
which region experiences the worst <unk> in the us ?
what dynasty ruled armenia in the 10th century ?
buy is considered by its leaders to be what ?
what type of fixtures are used typically used for indoor lighting ?
what were <unk> not free to do after they paid the duke of york his local tax ?
what denomination are the majority of guinea-bissau 's muslims ?
what are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ?
when was the second wave of neoclassical architecture ?
when are n't <unk> still used occasionally ?
how is royal assent currently granted in the isle of man ?
what was sega 's competitor to the nes called in japan ?
on what day would most of the games televised on the espn networks be played ?
what type of colors would one generally find in golconda painting ?
what <unk> notably <unk> ground water uranium ?
what year did the salvadorans come to the us ?
what year did estonia 's war of independence take place ?
when africa was <unk> with eurasia which <unk> ceased to be during the miocene ?
what is credited with the origins of the german identity ?
what are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law ?
what do 54 % of upper limb amputees experience ?
how many nominations did beyonce receive at the <unk> grammy awards ceremony ?
how many people buy the richmond <unk> on sunday ?
what is ' a friendly ' another term for ?
what company operated passenger ships across the atlantic , including the rms queen elizabeth ?
along with northumbria , what kingdom was invaded by the vikings ?
what year was to kill a mockingbird first published ?
when was the previous library destroyed ?
what is the name of the activity of not explaining what quranic verses mean ?
what were there <unk> of in 2010 ?
what type of building was considered to be very important and a sign of affluence and achievement ?
when did the clerics and <unk> start spreading architectural information ?
what type of norm is recognized as <unk> no violations and so can not be altered through treaty obligations ?
what it the ferry to canada called ?
what does florida have the smallest collection of ?
what was a similar view about the asian continent called ?
what is computational complexity principle ?
which king failed to execute goring 's freehold document before fleeing to london ?
what award did both luis figo and <unk> ronaldo win ?
what else did freed slaves face in prewar charleston besides discrimination ?
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967
what is <unk> predictive medicine famous for discovering ?
what was chapter vii entitled ?
who was the author of the essay entitled balance discourse ?
what was the effect of the housing crash on the region ?
where is the british schools of montevideo located ?
how many children were born in antarctica as of 2011 ?
how many fire trucks did west germany donate to kathmandu ?
what other language did old czech 's <unk> patterns resemble ?
what does the acronym pcr expand to ?
how much gold in grams was one dollar equivalent to ?
how many years did president denis sassou nguesso rule the democratically elected government ?
which athlete showed support for the people protesting ?
how many excited states does <unk> have ?
what was n't planned by denmark vesey ?
what type of phenomenon is <unk> 's law ?
who provided a definition of linear bounded <unk> in 1960 ?
what has nearly <unk> the trees in many areas ?
how were the laws in new york abolished ?
what is the former name of radio <unk> ?
what mutualistic relationships fit the the definition of symbiosis ?
in what year did gdp growth reach <unk> % ?
who called her hottest female singer of all time ?
where is the most notable russian department store not located ?
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
what famous philosopher did ibn sina criticize heavily ?
what <unk> between <unk> ?
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ?
to which system did n't fend compare comprehensive school alumni ?
what is the palace of the inquisition known as now ?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
who did <unk> say were the most heretical people ?
which devices do not produce light by luminescence ?
unfpa lists elements that promote what human right ?
how was it believed that the cfl was used to help struggling canadian teams ?
why is the translation of sung texts more restrictive ?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have ?
what is usually removed in female dogs to prevent pregnancy ?
which act was passed to make congress subordinate to the president ?
what is an <unk> as it relates to the parliament of swaziland ?
how many french colonists were n't gained by british ?
what is iran 's volunteer militia force named ?
where did the mycenaean 's <unk> from in 1200 bc ?
in what year did rogers cable begin to include tcm ?
how long did the <unk> empire last in iran ?
for how long did the bbc alternate different broadcasting systems ?
what is done to make precipitation hardening alloys <unk> immediately ?
how is the eritrean highway system named ?
at what street address is the lord mayor 's residence located ?
what does the trust invest
what groups does the public make sure are in compliance with <unk> ?
in this article , how many degrees north of true west is " west ? "
which scholars were never concerned with nationalist movements ?
with what were roman festivals organized in accordance ?
humanity 's closest primate relatives are the what ?
the areas surrounding which university has been historically a democratic stronghold ?
which laws faced significant opposition ?
in what city was tony chebatoris born ?
what does kerry feel bush <unk> the american people with ?
when did opec start to readjust oil prices ?
what is only <unk> by death where sharia law is practiced ?
between 1974 and 1979 , how many immigrants arrived in israel ?
who proposed the law that began the process of funding the country 's public university ?
how many academy award nominations did the adventures of tintin receive ?
what does feminist anthropology <unk> as seeking to reduce in research findings ?
what is the error rate of the vernal equinox per every <unk> years ?
what are the set of genes which are thought to be crucial for the survival of an organism ?
how was the ship carrying a predominant deity moved around during the jubilee ?
who selects the prime minister ?
usually , how has each imam been related to the previous imam ?
what does extra twisting of lisle thread produce ?
what types of agreements does the restatement of contracts cover ?
in 2008 , which racial group had the most individuals under the age of 18 ?
what did joseph haas say in his email ?
who discovered bacteria ?
how many active programs does the foundation have ?
what city is home to the crown liquor saloon ?
what period was hellenistic culture at it 's height ?
in which year did mongolia seek entry in the warsaw pact ?
x. 25 uses what type network type
which kinds of birds land for a few days before resuming migration ?
how is zinc primarily added to soil ?
what is houston 's one catholic university ?
what was soviet russia not called as of 1937 ?
what was a sign of decreased important and political independence ?
which paper published an article that raised questions about the handling of the investigation ?
john xxiii was an advocate for what ?
when did the last glacial end ?
who have been studying the impact of climate change and water use ?
what type of deviations are there from the single phoneme to each <unk> general principle ?
what was one of the four teams that remained after the first round in 1950 ?
these elements ignore health related to reproduction and what else ?
what is the spanish word for mexico city ?
when is the weather in the low 80s ?
what was french military presence at end of war ?
what is the role of the chief of defence ?
there are no ipa symbols for what ?
in what year was edward born ?
when did a new term for those who followed humanism become impossible ?
what type of view does the conceptual view offer ?
a mammal 's brain is how many times larger than a birds relative to body size ?
when was the first transistor implemented for practical use ?
which form of finite symmetry groups are useless in coding theory ?
how was the freeview hd service rolled out in the uk ?
what sort of mill did bell 's neighbors run ?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic retreat ?
what year did victorias father die ?
who arrested <unk> hasan <unk> al-mahdi <unk> ?
at high speed , where is the most current ?
what year was it said the first island landing was made ?
during which dynasty did sichuan regain its political and cultural prominence for which it was known during the han ?
when did dell go private ?
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ?
who ended wwii in europe by defeating the allies ?
white democrats make up what part of florida ?
why did king james ix licence other trading companies from england ?
who did the geographic scholars work for ?
who was the first professor of the college ?
where does the rhine end ?
where was the african union summit held in 2010 ?
what is the main material used to build the cellar in the <unk> of main building ?
what kind of empire did burke think europe would become ?
why does chlorophyll absorb green light so effectively ?
what type of phases are always considered to be alloys ?
who ordered research on the herald ?
why do birds need to molt ?
which minister could a conscripted soldier expect to serve under during his year of service ?
other than subordinate standards , what else do presbyterians consider important ?
when was the seven years ' war ?
how far is the distance passengers need to move between buses ?
what is another name for <unk> focus ?
what did kierkegaard say could explain all of reality ?
what had the population grown to in 1908 ?
what patent does technicolor claim to control ?
which conference do the teams in southern california play in ?
what is <unk> the greek word for ?
when did arpnet and sita become operational
where are hnic broadcasts aired ?
what socioeconomic class was associated with the lounge bar in the 20th century ?
in what month did kerry officially leave the race ?
in the late jurassic what species survived ?
in what historical period was old english spoken ?
what does <unk> refer to ?
in what year was the holy roman empire saved ?
what was john bell 's argument ?
who comprised most of the members of the conspiracy to assassinate caesar ?
what armed group stopped the uprising at ballarat ?
along with aircraft , what object can be used to carry a telescope <unk> ?
what publications have been published out of <unk> since 1970 ?
when was the last comprehensive school opened in gibraltar ?
what year did chancellor <unk> submit another bid for a presidential debate at washington university after 2004 ?
who ruled the <unk> between <unk> bc ?
what are environmentalists concerned about losing in the amazon forest ?
what period preceded the little ice age ?
what is attributed to the income inequality in the united states ?
what is an activity usually done by mammalian predators ?
when world war i started , what was the official us position ?
why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ?
the abnormal force is responsible for the structural integrity of what ?
when was hydrogen gas artificially produced for the first time ?
when did boston stop being known for it 's garment production and <unk> goods ?
what is the most frequent use of cloth ?
who elects the president of the confederation from its 7 members ?
in what century did the north sea discharge into the nederrijn river ?
how many cheetahs remain in the northwest africa area ?
what devices have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ?
what does the standard of iso 12232:2006 specify ?
what company no longer runs the university of kansas 's bookstore ?
where did pakistan try to remove the taliban and al-qaeda ?
what architectural style was the 1919 broad street union station constructed in ?
who designed upper school ?
how many recording sessions did it take to complete the song ?
who was paul vi in favor of cooperating with in the translation of the bible ?
what is the average size for families ?
which report described this corruption ?
what is the phenomenon when learning latin makes it harder to learn french ?
when the rule of law become an agenda item for the general assembly ?
what was carl laemmle jr. 's nickname ?
what audio deficiency was found in the 3rd gen ipods ?
<unk> insects are beneficial or harmful to humans ?
what type of language is catalan ?
because dogs respond to voices the same way humans do , they are able to recognize what in human sounds , making them social ?
what can sometimes be translated as <unk> ?
what declaration stated that the rule of law applies to certain rights and freedoms ?
what mechanism moves coal from a firebox to a bunker ?
how many seats id labour win in 1922 ?
what does nara have congress also recommend if needed ?
a non-deterministic turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis ?
how many points does elizabeth 's arms bear on her argent after her accession ?
what does the duchy of lancaster operate as ?
what type of birth control is condemned by the catholic church ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ?
who developed the same technology as baran
how much money was used to strengthen the construction of the school ?
when were the panels in the <unk> <unk> church created ?
what is <unk> through the <unk> also called ?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism ?
what is the effigy of <unk> nelson wearing ?
what year did the black death arrive in england for the first time ?
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ?
what is one example of an npo in the united states ?
who was in possession of large herds that would produce more livestock ?
what pigment was made by <unk> copper plates in fermenting wine ?
what plants create most electric power ?
who were allies with the khazars ?
who did raskin immediately hire to help him on the apple project in 1997 ?
what success did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ?
to what group is catalan most closely related ?
what would ccirc do in an event of a breach ?
what is a loop antenna compared with to determine its <unk> ?
what could happen to olympic sports participants who showed a tibetan flag at events ?
what is one type of capacitor that has no specified rating value for maximum <unk> current ?
an accumulated static charge though the user happens when what is done ?
when was karl marx born ?
how could aircraft engage bombers when fitted with a <unk> ?
what year was twilight princess the most critically acclaimed game ?
of what city was he not a bishop ?
which post-punk bands began to branch off into things like dub and dance music ?
when did they launch from the moon to <unk> to the columbia ?
what did president gloria <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
what type of bird does norfolk island have few of ?
in what year did the rail route from southampton to london open ?
which revolution led to the soviet regime 's fall from power ?
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted ?
who established the oireachtas ?
this is the first season to have what kind of auditions ?
what is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ?
who co-wrote the hit song " on and on " in 1984 ?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
how many troops did greece send to cyprus ?
how many farmers had to relocate because of the dust bowl ?
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ?
what was the name of the main belief terence offered
n what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1765 ?
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
who starred in the <unk> ?
what tradition did marvel embrace ?
what country has been decreasing its support for the fossil fuel and nuclear industries ?
how many <unk> of zinc have been discovered ?
in which book of the old testament does <unk> use the term nazarenes to refer to christians ?
how do pragmatists view the arts ?
how many police officers did the <unk> <unk> kill in august of 1961 ?
on which date did the genocide convention become effective ?
what religious movement affected education , politics , the economy , and marriage ?
how many photos does the cd-rom <unk> hold ?
how long was there a greek influence represented in " little " asia ?
why did the city boom in growth during the civil war ?
which cardinals still wear traditional clothing ?
what period has a more complete geological record than the proterozoic ?
who ran the rocky international record label ?
part of what study is the census of antarctic marine life ?
a natural <unk> pattern is known as what ?
in the uk , the weight of what is used to classify paper for sale ?
what caused notre dame to become notable in the early 20th century ?
where did the school of law rank in 2015 by the u.s. news & world reports ?
which company introduced hybrid incandescent bulbs ?
of what band did apple present a special edition ipod <unk> ?
what happens to 9 % of the contents of a <unk> ?
which president ended the emergency energy conservation act ?
who covered and charted the single " promised land " ?
what was the store in sydney called after jones moved to australia ?
several members of the cast appeared on bbc two on what date ?
how have cardinals been advance to cardinal priests ?
what legal <unk> does isil operate under ?
where was a temple dedicated to apollo <unk> ?
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ?
what did this <unk> undermine ?
by what means is bulk oxygen shipped ?
what rights do cities and towns give up if they are a municipality ?
who is the current majority leader ?
who selects designated trails ?
along with the silver star , what amtrak line runs to miami ?
who receives the titular <unk> of <unk> <unk> ?
who was able to spread the idea of equality among all through his words ?
how many houses was the swiss national assembly divided into ?
in what year did ibm add sexual orientation to their <unk> policy ?
schwarzenegger became a <unk> by what age ?
what international law was henry <unk> mostly responsible for ?
while producing oxygen , what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
what portion of china 's elite universities still have a primary <unk> focus today ?
what was the merging of middle eastern countries in violation of ?
how many estonian teams are in the baltic basketball league ?
in what areas of the world were <unk> popular ?
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
what did montgelas study ?
how many families at the bottom of the pyramid had a decrease in total wealth between 2007 and 2009 ?
how many <unk> are outside of asia ?
what version of itunes contained the leaked photos of new ipod colors ?
who was the inventor of the <unk> algorithm ?
who conceptualized the piston ?
who covered and chartered " ministry of sound " ?
what did nasser eventually do in the <unk> of <unk> ?
where is the head quarters for the european space agency ?
where were the irish american professors employed that asked to be added as an affirmative action category ?
what was one idea endorsed by cheney in his 2004 speech ?
what type of water is best for making pale <unk> ?
what is the legislature of the european union comprised of ?
when do single race people feel marginalized ?
in what year did philips institute a laboratory to create a digital audio disc ?
what does the acronym ac stand for ?
what did the government do in 1997 to increase monetary stability ?
where was the bomb that orsini used to attempt to assasinate napoleon made ?
what has the literary style of east slavic been influenced by ?
when did the slavic solidarity movement choose red blue and white as their colors ?
where are some of the best examples of islamic mosaic work found ?
who did <unk> appoint to the police force ?
what machinery was <unk> into the location ?
what questions corresponds to the homosexual ones ?
how do burrowing marine annelids remove ocean ecosystems ?
who led the <unk> shia ?
how can the speed of larger brushes be increased ?
what consortium was bskyb excluded from ?
abc took over distribution in what year ?
which symbol is used to represent the peso ?
the 2013 parkscore rating for nyc made nyc second in best park system to what other us city ?
who chose to rebuild the great church of saint-denis in about <unk> ?
what is the <unk> close equivalent ?
why are the somalian <unk> companies so expensive ?
where was friedrich ratzel born ?
why do madaris extend enrollment to rich children ?
who ruled aksum and also governed the port of <unk> ?
what island in the norfolk island group is home to breeding seabirds ?
is precipitation varied or uniform in western alaska ?
when did queen victoria visit the islands ?
what is <unk> chemical symbol ?
why did allen weinstein create google in 2006 ?
what is / b / representative of , in addition to aspirated and unaspirated consonants ?
when a comic panel has events that are at the same time the panel is considered to be what ?
what is type of transmission is found in the lungs ?
which university had teaching which was more centralized and not general ?
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ?
where does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ?
what is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ?
what sister school of yale 's considered merger in 1966 ?
what is the name of the local free community college radio ?
aside from the <unk> , what do somali men wear on their head ?
which cultures architecture showed a lot of diversity ?
who can be credited with assisting the word humanism with finding a home in the english language ?
what court was established to prosecute genocidal crimes in the united nations ?
in what year was the miami central station originally supposed to have been incomplete ?
what year did the eic lose <unk> troops in one day ?
who is the thunders point guard ?
what can citizens use to challenge any law passed by parliament ?
what is the most common type of transistor ?
together , prussia and germany expected to amass how many soldiers ?
who does alice <unk> think will continue to struggle ?
in what city did tommy flowers work in the 1930s ?
when did election of borough heads begin ?
what city in connecticut has the highest number of zagat-rated restaurants ?
which native americans had a town called <unk> in present day monroe county , tennessee ?
what religion led to architectural changes in many english countries ?
when was the only satellite launched ?
projectiles must either be guided to the target or aimed where ?
what is another name for copper salts ?
what was he also known as ?
what was the millennium stadium originally named ?
investing capital can increase drug development costs by how much ?
what type of steam engine does n't need valves to direct steam ?
what are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates ?
what does the <unk> solution argue is time-reversal symmetric ?
what company designed this interface ?
what levels rose in the atmosphere prior to the ice age ?
who performed the song , my number one , in the 2005 eurovision song contest ?
what fraction of <unk> coli 's essential genes are <unk> ?
where to many young employees choose to look for instead of private employment ?
what did the <unk> <unk> say students were allowed ?
which console featured a <unk> design ?
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ?
muhammad ordered his followers to attack the banu <unk> jews for allegedly breaking what treaty ?
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
what complaint did <unk> have about kerry 's actions ?
what physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause ?
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of fresno ?
how does a plant benefit from competition ?
which region did not invent the machine gun ?
what was the hundred percent club created to boost in 1914 ?
in what year was the mbcc created ?
what country was the latest canadian military effort ?
what was the name of the new musical style introduced in the late middle ages ?
who did <unk> believe mary was united to on the cross ?
what implication can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ?
insulin resistance has been strongly linked to which health issue ?
what album made her a worldwide known artist ?
when do autoimmune diseases often strike men ?
how many households were in oklahoma city ?
what rule did some native live under ?
who was dean of yale medical school from 1925 to 1935 ?
how much was the labour majority reduced by ?
who largely formalized the developments that led to the theory of conservation of energy ?
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ?
what town in upstate new york was settled by huguenots ?
at what location was the " flying chair " installed in 1845 ?
what type of capacitors can generate soft x-rays ?
in what year did finland break away from the kalmar union ?
some scholars think that universities come from what , rather than solely local influences ?
what is the <unk> mainly responsible for ?
in what year did the evacuation of east prussia occur ?
what amount of the <unk> are <unk> ?
when did the republic dissolve and texas entered the us ?
what market did dell begin to compete in in 2009 ?
what is <unk> castro 's official title ?
when did lodygin invent his first lamp ?
what was revealed in december 2004 ?
how many <unk> businesses does shell have ?
what term refers to the process that a <unk> <unk> before it 's able to award master 's degrees ?
after ed policy resigned , what franchise closed ?
what country was the process not developed in ?
what notable hurricane occurred between the 1980s and 1990s ?
when does a candidate lose ability to fulfill his obligations as a mason ?
besides <unk> modifications , what advances in medicinal chemistry regarding antibacterials ?
what was a benefit of early radio recordings ?
what von neumann work preceded the <unk> of quatum mechanics ?
in what year did the greater east asia <unk> sphere expand ?
along with positivism and pragmatism , what philosophy rejected idealism 's metaphysical views but what <unk> influenced by it ?
the <unk> is a major tributary of what river ?
what was being built that resulted in the discovery of the african burial ground ?
which ps3 model always included otheros ?
what city is the official capital of the national capital territory of delhi ?
what replaced code pleading in 1850 ?
what executive order created the national <unk> center ?
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ?
who published du " squarism " ?
what was an earlier technology used to connect to the internet ?
along with cyprus , what other major signatory official protested the immunity of others from the prosecution of reservation ?
what was freemasonry linked to scandal in france due to ?
can people self identify as more than one ethnicity on the us census currently ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
what does <unk> suppress ?
what is the location of the <unk> vocational and commercial training institute ?
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ?
how many adult males were able to vote in rome ?
what role did <unk> <unk> serve in during world war ii rather than prime minister ?
what did the victorians aim to remind the writer of in their translations ?
what is one of the sweet spices greeks like to use with meat ?
what is the highest court in european union law ?
along with manchuria , where did trade never go to ?
what is the most recently introduced standard for tag formatting ?
when did apple begin <unk> out macintosh in favor of " mac " ?
what is the relationship between whitehead and russell ?
who was in charge of counties that had fewer than 10,000 people in them ?
what year was nasser born ?
beidou-1 , along with american gps , use which type of satellites ?
who damaged essential <unk> equipment ?
where did the white stockings play their home games ?
what theory did darwin introduce ?
what was not shaped by sedimentation of the rivers and tidal currents ?
why did military use barracks ?
in all the different <unk> systems , concentrated sunlight is used to heat what ?
which unpopular republic destroyed centuries of swiss traditions ?
what religion did the english spread along with their imperialism ?
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to ?
in what year did philip pass away ?
what race makes up the vast majority of southampton 's population ?
what is the primary audience of hot adult contemporary format stations ?
what period was covered by the statistical update index released in december of 2002 ?
what kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ?
what type of mechanisms did the differential analyzer use ?
what causes rock extension ?
when did the movement get closest to success ?
what was the name of the eic <unk> company ?
which dynasty became ruler of tibet ?
what is the barengraben ?
besides public key cryptography , what is another application for prime numbers ?
who joined idol as a sponsor in season seven ?
how many branches does the rhine branch into ?
what people live in the southeast area of the country ?
highways built in the amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers ?
how did us president kennedy die ?
what script is derived from the <unk> script ?
what do people think about giant killers ?
hogarth makes no mention of what ?
after which city gained promotion did a europa club join the premier league ?
where was the manchester small-scale experimental machine built ?
who won the game ?
what type of annelids are very identical to others ?
who used sanskrit for common communication ?
what type of conservation effort is gaining attention in the amazon ?
which new concept has greatly taken over <unk> much debated theoretical <unk> ?
what is now limited to ceremonial uses ?
other than african students , who else was allegedly being discriminated against ?
how many people attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ?
from the beginning of the 21st century , how does the population growth in urban areas compare to the countryside ?
what party is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ?
how are stage <unk> powered ?
how does the tuition fee <unk> help high school students ?
when was the city founded ?
when did israel host and win the asian nations cup ?
what kind of <unk> is spoken in western catalonia ?
what is it called when fiber-optics are used for end users ?
what percentage of murderers in the united states are n't given a death sentence ?
when were the french wars of religion ?
what ice clouds show up grey in infrared ?
global internet was help funded by what foundation ?
what organizations did the hearing about video game violence in 1993 lead to ?
what was the first internet2 network named
what area of great britain did more than ten thousand bermudians emigrate to ?
what is an example of clothing that was once seen as exclusively for males ?
what did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to not get its way ?
what is the typical structure of an adult contemporary song ?
when did the university of kansas start issuing degrees in engineering ?
<unk> through the <unk> may end up <unk> <unk> and what ?
how many lions were on the eic arms
what famous soccer player played for the new york <unk> ?
what did myanmar block after cyclone nargis ?
what was mostly missing during the eastern han ?
what is korea 's largest port ?
what picture newspapers from the 17th century show manga origins ?
in its simplified <unk> grammar , what language is dutch similar to ?
by who was a framework developed in 1960 for describing speech communities ?
which car company first offered ipod connectivity as a standard feature on their whole product line ?
what else would be an effective application of this antenna type ?
when did <unk> tibetans die ?
how many times has polonia won the cup ?
who considered the war to be legal ?
what portion of berlin 's population spoke french by 1700 ?
an <unk> plane with a conveyor belt describes what type of elevator ?
only small portions of the amazon forest are a result of what ?
in 2013 , how many people of puerto rican ancestry lived in new york city ?
whose property does the body of any wild animal killed or wounded become ?
what did <unk> gary gibson have to say about the prediction of the quake ?
besides combustion , for what other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
what has international entrepreneurship rapidly allowed every family to achieve ?
he had a <unk> association with what ?
when did the <unk> institute join the university of london ?
in what countries was the hunting for trophies frowned upon , back in the day and in modern times ?
what was the name of the first <unk> laser consumer laserdisc player ?
what mall was constructed
what is the state song of new york ?
what profession was nathan alterman ?
what papers give the worst optical density ?
where does catalan get a lot of its learned words ?
what genres , featured on the <unk> radio format , were rarely found on adult contemporary radio ?
when did the act of " nihil novi nisi commune consensu " happen ?
what letter did n't washington present to saint-pierre ?
what was the subject of the front page on 22 september 2003 ?
what event caused tension between burma and bangladesh in 2008 ?
how many administrative regions does the federal district have ?
what 's the largest park in southampton ?
date records gave rise to the group " <unk> and herb " in what year ?
how is most of thuringia 's clean gas consumption carried out ?
when was the greek war of independence ?
what was the name of the initiative to help with the new projects in east prussia ?
how many unique downloads had there been from the playstation store by late 2008 ?
what were the names given for the two groups that heavily dominated alsace during this time ?
what is based on the binary alphabet ?
what was the dnc lacking to draw more support from donors ?
what is the most common group of languages spoken in catalan ?
southern california 's distinctive regions are divided culturally , politically and what other trait ?
who is in charge of the command and control operations ?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
what is the center of the florida population
rock and pop musicians may have degrees in what type of music ?
what is plotted in the <unk> curve ?
what is the most common intended use for transistors ?
what were spanish translations at the time made for ?
what purpose did whitehead believe religion served ?
who was theoretically not equal to the prince ?
when was the church of the holy apostles built ?
beside european nations and native americans , who else attacked the charleston settlement ?
what happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis ?
through what can link 's reaction and mood can be discerned ?
who did stratford canning convince to turn down the treaty proposal ?
how long was the patent offered by jewish law ?
what have many ht members graduated to joining ?
what was the gpc accused of being <unk> gaddafi ?
what is not seen as a right to the unfpa ?
the king 's representatives are know as whom ?
which brains are easier to work on , vertebrates or invertebrates ?
along with the rsfsr , what republic received territory from the former chechen-ingush assr ?
what has been an important atmospheric study since the 1970s ?
at which show did sandisk have their assets seized ?
prior to what year were the reports used to assess sea level rise ?
a law that has not received royal assent will be published where ?
what british general negotiated at toronto ?
what sales model did dell follow ?
at what level does a company need to file if they pay sales tax ?
what function is related to prime numbers ?
who was a <unk> theologian ?
which aircraft manufacturer got a contract with the mod ?
in what year did the ecumenical council of trent write in regards to the selection of cardinals ?
who provided the donation that enabled the opening simon hall ?
what is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ?
who heavy was the <unk> siege tower ?
what is the second busiest container port in the united states ?
testing revealed today 's dogs trace back by how many years ?
at what event was tito recognized by stalin ?
when did hunting-gathering begin to fade from use ?
what was the swiss broadcasting corporations name recently changed to ?
which organization believes that solar energy can solve some of our most pressing issues ?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
what is the secondary theme of the centre room ?
by not going back to poland chopin became part of what ?
how were adapters used to get around pal region restrictions ?
what gives congress limited power to enact statutes ?
what does trophy hunting create in africa ?
who replaced <unk> as a finalist ?
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , how much coal did watt 's engine use ?
what was the name of the area in england ruled by the vikings ?
how many of five possible stars did cnet give the ps3 slim ?
along with drum machines and synthesizers , what electronic instruments are often found in modern r&b - based music ?
in deism is god represented in human form ?
why did new york state ban marked cars for traffic cops ?
what speed did the national highway designation act prevent you from going beyond ?
what is the same about a " public safety officer " that <unk> the position from a policeman ?
what is a prominent example of a movement which crosses over denominational lines ?
in what year did the school begin a byu television network ?
who conquered the ancient estonians ?
what heritage do many modern domesticated flower species have ?
what is the <unk> <unk> used for ?
what produces hydrogen gas ?
what city does san diego come in third to in the biotech industry ?
who did ngwane attack and subdue ?
who belong to the nazi party prior to 1937 ?
when was riba founded ?
how many women were employed in construction in 2011 ?
what year did the singing revolution occur ?
when was the most prior visit from a burmese representative to the united states prior to 2010 ?
in what year did parliament bestow a charter on plymouth ?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was freed ?
bermuda is located in what ocean ?
who was a pioneer of the genre in america ?
what was the name of the specialty comics line created by clive barker for marvel ?
on march 3 , what festival was celebrated in ancient times ?
what is the requirement of the act ?
what area was the delta works constructed between ?
what term describes all the species of plants in existence ?
how much was the financial cost of the damages of the 2007 natural disaster in burma ?
what women in eritrea cover their hair ?
who was in charge of the government at the time of victorias fall ?
melbourne has sustained the highest population increase and economic growth rate in any australian city according to what organization ?
what did policymakers create for the ipcc ?
when was archives ii opened ?
who now headed the civil and military authorities ?
what is the minimum height in meters of the region mexico city is located in ?
where is the bridge named for calatrava located ?
what denomination of christianity had the highest percentage of nobel prize winners between 1901 and 1972 in america ?
how many passengers did the airport service in 2013 ?
why has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ?
in what year did the orthodox church of greece declare that being a freemason constituted an act of <unk> ?
when did the confessions tour start ?
what was the most prominent religion in new york as of 2014 ?
what substance in cfl bulbs raises health concerns ?
what concept did irenaeus cite to help support his arguments ?
what are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
during what was the abbey made second in wealth ?
in what year did the u.s. supreme court entertain a lawsuit filed by 18 new haven firefighters against the city of new haven ?
what city was a center of glass production for the romans ?
who publicly argued for changes limiting the ability of banks to engage in proprietary trading ?
what can be changed by time travelers according to <unk> ?
aspirated consonants are what in english ?
where did harold ii die ?
where is the <unk> plain located ?
why was the unicode 2.0 <unk> increased ?
what arsenal manager replaced mee ?
what was the main avoidance between humanism and the religions of the time ?
who is the commander in chief of laws and regulations ?
how many debates were there in total , between kerry and bush ?
which comprehensive school <unk> in coventry ?
what did the rebellion lead to
what does a constuction engineer manage ?
what groups does congress make itself a resource for ?
which current resulted in the cooling of antarctica ?
what prevents the clownfish from being <unk> ?
what city was especially important to hellinistic science ?
what sort of therapy might not examine emotions based on components of facial expressions ?
what allowed brass instruments to play a wider range of notes ?
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of ?
what is the term for the set of all <unk> graphs related to this decision problem ?
in soviet international publications what language 's transliteration are estonian words and names often <unk> from ?
to what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ?
in what year was kansas made a member of the united nations ?
how long had the abu <unk> group been in <unk> ?
what is sky + hd material broadcast using ?
secret wars was an early example of what marvel comics story <unk> ?
what jewish chant is still being used today in the synagogue ?
what modern , mass-produced weapon were the french infantry provided ?
in what year was the school formed ?
secure blue was launched in what year ?
what type of wood can hold four times as much of a load when dried ?
what did the china digital times report ?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
at what speed do programs such as <unk> allow microsoft dos to run on macs ?
how many part time firefighters do charleston have ?
what museum reopened on july 30th , 2011 after a huge renovation ?
the remains of what was found at sepphoris ?
what did the power mac g5 have trouble <unk> after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware ?
along with <unk> , what span saw extreme rains in europe ?
when did the five rightly guided caliphs die ?
what else can radio waves be called ?
what type of administration did general <unk> <unk> have ?
who provides physical servers to customers
what letter did washington present to saint-pierre ?
what kind of art scene was popular in the middle ages ?
how many courses does a mandolin commonly have ?
how long into bush 's presidency did tragedy occur on american soil ?
what was lord goring 's garden known as ?
what company invented the tantalum light filament ?
what derby does everton fc contest against liverpool ?
how many times more abundant than silver is uranium in the earth 's crust ?
the sovereign and two what signs the proposal ?
who disagrees with the quantum theory ?
how many aftershocks were there ?
when did nigeria finally hold a fair election ?
what type of ground could be found in the central italian peninsula ?
when are rotation operations considered ?
what queen set up the banska akademia ?
what did n't the original charter of the province of east jersey restrict membership in its assembly to ?
what did calvinism state that everyone should be free to choose ?
when was <unk> diocese dissolved ?
what is the earliest that lodges exploded in america ?
what in human teeth enables <unk> ?
what institution did <unk> <unk> belong to ?
what name does the boston school for deaf <unk> go by now ?
certain dogs are <unk> to help fishermen with what ?
what type of locomotive technology was to be developed by ge under its ecoimagination program ?
the times is printed solely in what format since 2004 ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
in which language is the quran spoken during prayer ?
what does less education lead to when working ?
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system ?
who first settled the marshall islands ?
why do firms substitute equipment for workers ?
who provides statistics on educational costs ?
how often is the def video relay service evolving ?
how many amendments are usually passed in the committee of the whole per year ?
in experiments , a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
what was the name of the royal charter ?
how many head of department are there at eton ?
what is non-led lighting more susceptible to than incandescent light ?
the remains of an unknown ancient structure found on the river thames <unk> dated back to approximately what year ?
who avoided using the the british model o cabinet government ?
what started in 1970 ?
what island was invaded by the eighth army on february 28 ?
how many political municipalities has the city of montevideo been divided into as of 2010 ?
how many rounds is coffee served in during a coffee ceremony ?
which of the two kinds of construction is weaker under strain ?
how many polonaises were published after chopin died ?
which piece of legislation was begun in 1969 ?
who rejected the path of violence ?
what journalist gave " 808s and <unk> " critical <unk> 4 years after its release ?
how quickly were scholars able to interpret and translate the bible ?
how long did it take to <unk> the kulluk to washington state ?
which hip hop artist filmed a music video for his song <unk> in samoa ?
what was the sender in the initial model ?
what is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ?
what common drug can reduce antibiotic effectiveness ?
what hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ?
what principle did the restrictions on the right of kings , as detailed in deuteronomy , influence later opposition ?
in what year did no <unk> side with the <unk> heir apparent ?
what is a naming term for asphalt ?
who adopted the modern trading principles that <unk> their economy ?
when did tamara marry a lawyer ?
what office does the electoral college administer ?
in which video does it show madonna being <unk> by her <unk> in italian ?
what chemical process turned some snes cases yellow ?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake ?
in which grades is learning sanskrit required ?
of what ancestry are most marshall islands citizens ?
how was scarcity managed in many countries ?
what are different audio and speech cd <unk> listed under ?
to what entity is the vedanta <unk> similar in other religions ?
which street is much wider from avenue c to first avenue ?
who built the villa <unk> at <unk> ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
how many yards long is metrorail ?
which group sees the world as illusion ?
unfpa is the largest worldwide <unk> of what type of programs ?
what do many birds use as a compass ?
what medium did fold3.com store all of its records on ?
when was the <unk> national pacific railroad finished ?
which two teams would you normally separate when writing and testing software ?
napoleon employed what practice in controlling aspects of the media , books , and the arts ?
what reason is given that you should also protest public companies ?
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
what is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
who acknowledged their mixed-race slave children in records ?
what country approved neptune 's first name ?
who was the hostage ?
who <unk> the authority of the bishop to charles v ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
what is new zealand 's annual quota of tuvaluan granted work permits ?
what does the term refer to now ?
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history ?
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ?
when did the grande <unk> d'italia charter the propaganda due lodge ?
what book did professor aram sinnreich read ?
what war <unk> the monarchs position ?
what century did terms referencing iran begin to be recorded ?
how many cultures rely on agriculture ?
what is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ?
what century is u.s. regulations dates from ?
when did brazzaville get its own local government ?
<unk> , <unk> , and <unk> are all types of what ?
how can man obtain understanding of god ?
what basic trait do all hunter-gatherers share ?
what has an important presence in zhejiang since its arrival <unk> years ago ?
what was the first song released by diana degarmo after coming in second on american idol ?
who said the imperial <unk> were against christian teachings ?
the city has couple of sport stadium which one of them was torn down in 20th century ?
what do reception statutes state is the law of the state ?
how would the marriage of a man and woman on the ship serve as a fertility ritual ?
how did he depict anthony ?
what does a student receive when work is sent up for good ?
what was set at <unk> a month after 2000 bc ?
when was the presbyterian church in canada formed ?
which forms retained the long <unk> <unk> of their ancestors ?
what are construction managers ?
how many housing units were in raleigh ?
what area does los angeles and san francisco merge with to form metropolitan areas smaller than san diego ?
to what did these civilizations have ties that to were n't shown off by their architecture ?
how many states does dominion virginia power operate in ?
in what month and year was the main synagogue set <unk> and razed ?
what form of government does portugal maintain ?
what may be represented as a series of algorithms ?
who was the collector for the port of pennsylvania in 1615 ?
was the plan formalized ?
how much healthy fat in in the average serving of poultry ?
what was the <unk> revolution ?
what was the governing body of the hindu states ?
what city-state was the rival of lagash ?
what is never used when making paper by hand ?
to which body can decisions made by this specific high court be appealed ?
where does valencia 's population rank among eu municipalities ?
in what season was ace young a finalist on american idol ?
in what year had the <unk> formed ?
what did the french do contrary to their typical language policy ?
what 's the nickname of sparta prague ?
a stepper system 's motor is <unk> on to not do what ?
what was captain <unk> <unk> defending ?
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
what does the orthodox community avoid doing to intermarried couples ?
what did the <unk> index of consumer prices state that price stability had to be decreased from ?
what house was the founder of the ottoman empire ?
how many helicopter were to be provided by the civil aviation industry ?
which company developed donkey kong country ?
on what charge was li ying jailed for ?
what year was the extension to u.s. daylight savings proposed by the dst coalition ?
when was warehouse 's hit " it 's house " released ?
who held the belief that all light , including light reflected from walls and surfaces was divine ?
who was on celeron 's expedition ?
what was jin jing called by ethnic chinese ?
the site was passed to monks from which abbey ?
what kind of phenomena does science study ?
what is one who replaces a player during a game called ?
what did the protesters do ?
what mode of public transportation in new haven phased out the trolley service in the 1920 's and 1930 's ?
when did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ?
with jay z what were her new themes ?
when did idealism fall out of practice ?
what is a particular problem in chemistry that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
how much rain fell during the summer of <unk> ?
what order was rural and <unk> ?
what was constructed out of reinforced concrete ?
where is the john f kennedy federal office building located ?
which network broadcasts premier league live in india ?
during the 2008 season , how many teams <unk> more than 13,000 spectators per game ?
the trade of what luxury in east africa was once centered on mogadishu ?
who sued the <unk> ?
when did ford park cemetery reopen ?
what occurs when a wrestler enters the ring ?
what began the influx of chinese department stores ?
who saved <unk> in <unk> ?
when was the construction of wells cathedral in england begun ?
what sound did us house music move beyond in the late 70s ?
besides tax shifting , what is another need ?
which company 's planes land most often at antonio b. won pat international airport ?
what type of modulation is implemented when a disc is <unk> ?
what century is the only one with passwords and rituals of freemasonry known ?
who controlled the asian sphere during the period between <unk> ?
what are the czech dialects spoken in germany known as ?
where is the gate terminal located ?
how many families were still without permanent homes ?
who did beyonce partner with in london ?
what are glaciers called that end in the sea ?
who is the sao paulo currently out of service for ?
who is the soviet man that created the first led ?
the <unk> identity status paradigm focuses on what twin concepts ?
what is the tallest point in lawrence ?
which two parts did n't terry v. ohio divide seizure into ?
in what year was a telephone exchange established in melbourne ?
what prompted advanced research and education in networking ?
what is used to match vertical and horizontal linear <unk> ?
which architect 's work was preserved throughout world war ii by the royal institute 's library ?
gregory howard williams wrote what type of book ?
what is synthesis gas used for ?
what nation conquered ukraine during the first world war ?
what article of india 's constitution makes decisions by their supreme court binding on lower courts ?
what division was trojans <unk> promoted to in <unk> ?
while many , the perceptions of christianity can sometimes what ?
what other priority do the canadian armed forces also contribute too ?
who competed at the beijing olympics in <unk> ?
where is the civil service college of thuringia restricted ?
what was the only city the chinese allowed the europeans into to trade ?
who immigrated to palermo during the rule of the holy roman empire ?
where did leeches begin being used for blood transfusions ?
mbs and cdo derive their value from ?
what was the name of one of the home stadiums england played in prior to 1923 ?
what are <unk> in <unk> are enclosed in ?
in what manner are sheets not usually cut ?
when was this campaign ran ?
how are freemasons invited to join a lodge ?
hayek believed that authoritarianism was very different from what ?
who did <unk> ann <unk> present the <unk> skills to ?
what color beret does the member of the <unk> ranger regiment wear ?
how long was the truce intended to last for ?
how many female islamic scholars were on record after the <unk> ?
where do you find <unk> vowel reductions ?
what did the military use southampton for during wars in the 18th century ?
what device was used most during 21st century ?
leds produce less waste heat than what other device ?
a committee of the president can present what ?
in what year did the fall of constantinople happen ?
what do mice without the clock gene become ?
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ?
what demographic do hot ac stations featuring more pop and alternative rock focus on ?
what race in orlando favored the republicans ?
besides sands , what are the foundations of houston 's land ?
what were buenos aires and montevideo fighting for dominance over ?
what will be established in <unk> ?
how do asian countries feel about the european attitude towards burma ?
in the spring of what year did the first organized exhibition by cubist appear ?
who coached everton during the <unk> season ?
what text did <unk> quote from ?
when did the portuguese arrive in the indian ocean ?
when does water in the sugar <unk> ?
what affiliate of the ion television network broadcasts from lyndon <unk> ?
origen was a church father in which egyptian city ?
what is the country 's largest medical research in north carolina ?
what year was constitutional discrimination ended ?
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
what age segment of the population of southampton is projected to increase the most ?
the professional heads of what three services support the chief of the defence staff ?
what is the unit of magnetic properties of the neutron ?
how many private and foreign radio and television networks does the government of somalia have ?
how is detroit 's tv market ranked ?
when was the <unk> amount discovered ?
in the <unk> , the times was beginning to suffer from the rise in competition from what kind of press ?
what do conifers use <unk> to protect themselves from ?
by the latest at around 100 ce , <unk> were being caused by what type of <unk> ?
where is the birthplace of artemis ?
what colony was roger williams the founder of ?
what does ncaz take care of ?
according to polynomial time reduction squaring can ultimately be logically reduced to what ?
what date did the germans invade the soviets ?
in what year did new york become the largest city in the united states ?
how was kevadon distributed to the usa ?
what kind of fet is mass produced ?
what genre of music is not played frequently on urban ac ?
who was defeated at the battle of the wabash ?
which party won its argument regarding netbula 's robots.txt file ?
where is mgm located ?
what secret society was avicenna considered to be a follower of ?
when do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ?
what is thought of as a basic signal coding technique ?
how did the reforms of britains voting system not affect the house of commons ?
who created the stuxnet worm ?
what was the name of the leader of the native american village ?
what are sometimes present in the plug 's firebox crown ?
what did not exist at the time during which <unk> arrived at the marshall islands ?
whose expedition arrived at the mouth of the congo river in 1484 ?
who wrote a book describing a cold region in <unk> b.c. ?
what is the oldest country in africa ?
based on roper v. simmons , what is now the minimum age to be executed in the united states ?
who was not the greatest ruler of byzantium ?
how many members must vote against the exemption ?
what aec scientists <unk> <unk> the development of the hydrogen bomb ?
what did some post-punk artists reject their previous avant-garde practices to pursue ?
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ?
what single year did windows 95 use to apply rules to israel 's time changes ?
in what year were there two military <unk> in nigeria ?
which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ?
what is a good technique to foster party harmony ?
what company did dell overtake as the largest pc manufacturer ?
what type of jihad does ht prefer to engage in ?
what is the name of the province that is constant throughout various definitions ?
what supports <unk> characters ?
how many natural reserves are in warsaw ?
what language first developed in great britain during the middle ages ?
what ideology did gaddafi adopt when he was the chairperson of the african union ?
what was the score in the final game that everton won its second fa cup in 1993 against manchester city ?
how many wars did the romans have along the rhine ?
where did pliny the elder repeat aristotle 's observations ?
what is the primary method for determining the avogadro constant ?
what does <unk> mean in hebrew ?
what is the main role of the cabinet of government ministers ?
maria deraismes and who else started a mixed masonic lodge ?
what was used on turtle shells to provide decorations ?
what thermodynamic behavior can not be explained by the <unk> laws of physics ?
by what name was the us fleet known at the start of the 21st century ?
in what year did paul vi die ?
why did the political ties between united kingdom in hanover and ?
what was the name of the last residential area built by the british <unk> ?
footwear and hats are consider clothing rather than what ?
which philosopher has praised <unk> <unk> ?
in what year was the premier league given the united kingdom award ?
in what country does the immigration of jews from algeria ( sephardim ) has led them to <unk> the ashkenazim ?
conservative forces are often associated with the transfer of what ?
ruins of merchants ' homes that survive today are evidence that southampton had rich people in what century ?
when did web browsers become active ?
what is the other country the rhine separates switzerland to ?
what helped spread protestantism in france ?
different things could affect what with the shell ?
in which year did <unk> become independent ?
who founded the following <unk> empire in 1794 ?
what year were all channels able to be streamed online ?
which is more focused on , aesthetics or <unk> ?
in the early 1900s , what was did black mean in southern states ?
what is the principle that is <unk> important to understanding the behaviour of a quantity unrelated to energy ?
who is one prominent advocate of this theory ?
when did richard <unk> claridge patent asphalt for use in pavement ?
what is another name for taxiways ?
what museum has a <unk> with an image of an <unk> player ?
under what government system does miami operate ?
what does western philosophy attribute to each of the gods ?
who completely runs politics and policy ?
what is a new law given at the <unk> of the nara ?
what does goal 4 desire to eradicate ?
when did the sex pistols form ?
what allows <unk> of the target antigen ?
what did <unk> <unk> make the british out to be ?
what geological subdivision is located in the north ?
what does the abbreviation ifab not stand for ?
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
why were the non nobles and nobles referred as the same term ?
when did linguistic studies begin ?
what is the name of the area that players with the wolf link amiibo can access ?
in what year did tcm receive a peabody award ?
the meeting of the what took place on 12 march 1999 ?
what textile industry did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ?
what are the melodic units used by ottoman classical music ?
what country makes up 83 % of africa 's christians ?
in what year does the university expect to close two more colleges ?
what is the main <unk> in white grapes ?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
what was n't the title of <unk> report called ?
what type of fire killed the apollo 1 crew ?
along with sony music latin , what music recording corporation is n't located in miami ?
which of burke 's parents was an <unk> ?
what do the 15 oak leaves on the anniversary crest indicate ?
the founding fathers had faith in what military groups ?
king philip renounced his right to the throne after what treaty ?
what was the ratio of british settler to french ?
what is the unit of account of the united states ?
how did huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the new world ?
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
after signing a peace treaty with venice , in what region did the ottoman empire expand ?
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
what is the present day system being used by houston for representation ?
what type of climate does jacksonville have ?
what season is typically characterized as humid and warm in new haven ?
who can hold elections in oklahoma ?
what was one of the most popular concepts of the pop movement ?
from where had the norman huguenots sailed in order to arrive at fort caroline ?
what is north africa 's ranking ?
what is elizabeth 's title on the isle of mann ?
as of july 17 , 2008 what did parents complain of not receiving ?
what did the second great awakening create ?
to whom would you go to acquire the algorithms you 'd use for the joint test action group procedures ?
what institution aids in the creation of charter schools in new york ?
alaska 's small rivers have potential for what environmentally friendly type of energy production ?
what <unk> station is licensed to the city of ann arbor ?
decnet ii protocols were designed by who ?
what type of imaging was used to study the relationship between humans and dogs ?
in macroscopic open systems , non conservative forces act to do what ?
led lighting is the beginning result of what phenomenon ?
what is <unk> feet in height ?
what deities came after <unk> in mesopotamia ?
in what centuries were the <unk> scripts used ?
how many municipalities are destroyed in thuringia ?
what allows users to easily sync data between an iphone and a mac ?
when were the <unk> and <unk> formed in west antarctica ?
when was the first canadian baptist church established ?
who did the english kings appoint to influence politically significant movement ?
what was the first consideration for the okl to support directive 23 ?
as of 2008 , about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools ?
what is the traditional use of the falekaupule ?
who holds tv distribution rights to paramount 's 1949 releases ?
when did it <unk> to a inland formation ?
who arrived in the indian ocean in the 1600 's
what was houghton 's role ?
who is greece the least important trading partner to ?
what type of people got wealthy from the sale of state-owned companies ?
what was made following the black friday agreement of what year ?
what control group was found to be more cost effective ?
what can it sometimes take up to 41 years to get permission to build on ?
why is a " this car leaving next " sign used ?
what was the name of the declaration of independence from the low countries ?
when did unfpa begin its work ?
what is <unk> <unk> in english ?
what structure does the <unk> and a number of roads roughly form ?
what is one cause that was most supported by iphone users in 2001 ?
how many orders of mendicant friars came out of the middle ages ?
when was the second rise of mandolin popularity ?
what is the shortened reference for the <unk> catalogue ?
nigeria was under military rule for how long ?
what other system did supporters of snes emulation also take the same stance with ?
when did rca victor release long play discs ?
what have been constantly found in religious or ritual use ?
who founded the worlds smallest football league ?
when did chopin last appear in public ?
in what year was " the essence of christianity " written ?
what was the revolution society <unk> ?
what is the <unk> era of post-punk ?
name two diverse <unk> that king george ii had to protect .
what percent of the gdp did forestry account for in 2008 ?
what major responsibility does the cabinet hold ?
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , what is a concern about keeping it ?
throughout european history was child labour seen as a positive ?
when was madonna awarded the accolade ?
what club was granted royal patronage ?
what alternative colors does the red cross use in certain parts of africa ?
what was n't <unk> ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
when was diamonds are forever released ?
philo of byzantium ____ surmised that air converted to fire
what festival was included in the scenes shot in mexico ?
in which year was <unk> <unk> knighted ?
what was athanasius accused of planning against the arians ?
what difficulties are not involved with determining h ?
how often does montana voted for a democratic president ?
what is the area served by the <unk> called now ?
who wrote ' the color purple ' ?
how many television control rooms is byu broadcasting technical operations center home to ?
who was borrowed for two films from <unk> pictures international ?
who said the police acted on their own in taking the flags ?
why are n't the examples of parisian architecture visible today ?
what was the typeface used for , " we bring good things to life " ?
what neighborhood is the marriott starr pass resort & spa in ?
what is the second most <unk> city in australia ?
what does tarski base his interpretation of popper on ?
what might help migrating birds navigate ?
what are ways that small social groups can force morality ?
what was the marital status of victoria when she became the princess ?
in what year did the number of united kingdom pubs generally start to decline ?
what organisms are described as living on the surface of whales ?
gray 's approach <unk> with which approach that popper himself considered untenable ?
what tournament used to be known as the <unk> invitational ?
what island is the nearest major airport located on ?
what did feynman <unk> allow him and others to do ?
how intense is the enforcement of school dress code ?
what law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on temperature ?
what type of clay improves the characteristics of the pulps used in papermaking ?
if packet sizes are variable , then are they always charged at the same rate per packet ?
what was the <unk> of the plan where ozawa 's force would lure the u.s. 3rd fleet away from leyte ?
what does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
what country was involved in the eastern crusades ?
when was the treaty of <unk> signed ?
the erie canal was finished being built in what year ?
what organization predicted that the amazon force could survive more than three years of drought
which ethnic group become dominant following the 13 century just a few hundred years later ?
how did panama 's department stores originally begin ?
what genre best describes perfect harmony ?
what plays a minor role in culture compared to music ?
when was new zealand granted independence ?
what does <unk> mean ?
what type of university was an a european university akin to ?
where is this a common feature ?
what year did <unk> and <unk> release their study ?
what is possible to produce thanks to the high melting point and high viscosity of zinc aluminium alloy ?
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ?
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
studies that people are better off with dogs have been criticized for being what ?
for whom is green hall named ?
who was li zicheng ?
what market did dell begin to compete in in 2011 ?
who was the second to mention hops in <unk> ?
what did the king do to regarding huguenot education ?
what council acts as a <unk> when there are disputes between the parliament and the guardian council ?
what people report having elder family members who were open with <unk> information ?
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to ?
what activity led to greece having some of the earliest stone age settlements ?
what is the name of a minor european botanical garden ?
how many games were played in the 2001 regular season ?
what do chloroplasts have that is referred to as the mitochondrial genome ?
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3 ?
during which time period did the <unk> efforts of <unk> focus on genocidal acts ?
what act gave new zealand its independence in 1961 ?
what type of tree has resin that makes it stronger when it dries ?
when did ge announce an expansion of its business in northern ireland ?
how clear is the relationship between the <unk> of the three <unk> angiosperm groups ?
by what century in france had the men of letters fused with the elites ?
what profession does frank lambert have ?
in what century was thought given to monastic reform ?
when was the interest in solar energy restored ?
what makes the wells <unk> center stand out ?
when israel was in its <unk> as a state , there were cultural conflicts between which two groups ?
what are the two principal <unk> groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ?
where is anesthetic saline injected ?
what brothers have had significant classical training ?
what committee does the policy committee oversee ?
whose methods did tito use to fight yugoslav <unk> ?
who made the decision in 1989 to cut prices on mac computers ?
according to hayek , people are free to do what within the rule of law ?
what college is archives ii closest to ?
which country was dissolved in february 1991 ?
what type of relationship do herbivores have with the bacteria in their <unk> ?
what was often used to hide functional parts of buildings ?
how long did the british east indian company rule last after the war ?
what is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ?
what is the oldest method of interior lighting ?
what kind of turnout did the congolese observatory of human rights experience in the 2009 elections ?
what happens before the foundation is dug and when a final inspection is passed ?
who is on the ipcc panel ?
at the time of her birth , what was the rank of elizabeth 's parents ?
who assumed a position of power in 1946 ?
who is yueju traditionally performed by ?
in what city or the arabs the twelve largest ethnic group ?
when it comes to plans and outcomes , what do development anthropologists look at between them ?
what corresponds to <unk> the problem of multiplying three numbers /
what is involved in sea current coupling ?
what do finnic tribes have in high rates ?
who partially funds politics and policy ?
what is the name of the chilean team that has ties to the everton fc ?
what contestant came in fourth on season two of american idol ?
what did foster publish after a world for us ?
how many students attended the school ?
what religion was suppressed in libya ?
what has caused the mortality rate to decrease ?
what part of the world was mostly dominated by georgian architecture ?
what was launched to compete with <unk> ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
in what year was <unk> established ?
constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person ?
in addition to the final , signed treaty what else might <unk> review to establish the meaning of a treaty in context ?
who led waves of migrations during the reign of emperor <unk> ?
who were the slavs in bulgaria assimilated by ?
who have argued that greenland could not <unk> be in a better financial situation as part of the united states ?
what does the tz value <unk> , <unk> <unk> / 02:00 , <unk> <unk> / 02:00 specify ?
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die ?
what used to be considered an art , back in the day ?
how much many did the cypriot government initially announce it needed ?
when did greece remove the euro as its currency ?
what was affected by the increasing use at marvel of crossover stories between comic characters ?
who appointed the governors in the umayyad empire ?
how many ministers did elizabeth consult before naming eden as the prime minister ?
what division of the university of kansas contributed to the development of the internet ?
how many people died in the 1997 flight <unk> crash ?
what are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ?
how did game players affect nintendo 's policy ?
how did huguenots hold onto some of their religious beliefs over the years ?
who leads the nation in solar energy use ?
which apartments interrupt east 5th street between first avenue and avenue a ?
who became king in 1643 ?
when did the north carolina constitution establish the anglican church ?
what causes the timing of migration ?
how many continents did the torch visit after beijing ?
church and state have been officially separated in uruguay since what year ?
which year did feynman miss the caltech commencement speech ?
places like northeast india that shift time zones to the east could be considered to be observing what kind of dst ?
when did the seljuk empire experience it 's decline ?
how many times have the <unk> lions lost the australian rules football league ?
the mass of kinetic energy particles is not considered part of what ?
what did herschel use to detect light from the sun ?
how does he describe what makes something fake ?
what plans successfully resulted in 80 million people <unk> ?
who are cid and <unk> ?
in the 1970s , what did <unk> turn into ?
where did 60 % of populations stay ?
after change of possession , what are assessed against the <unk> team or the receiving team ?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , which railroad would you take ?
when was most of sunnside developed ?
what transformed most industry by the 1800s ?
what prevented the departure of the planned <unk> expedition ?
evidence of the earliest humans were found in what <unk> formation ?
how many bloody noses from fighting did spielberg get in middle school ?
how old was the village site found near the santa <unk> river ?
who was the " fittest city in the uk " ahead of southampton in 2007 ?
who was the father of osman i ?
what branch of the afro-asiatic language family does the somali language belong to ?
what color were eisenhower 's winter golf balls ?
in 1939 hitler said bombing of britain would begin when ?
hyperinsulinemia has a negative effect on the levels of which important molecules in the body ?
how many miles is it from lancaster to preston ?
what did suger abbe rebuild ?
how many historical christian creeds did martin write about ?
what is <unk> ac otherwise known as ?
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced ?
how many american service personnel died in world war ii ?
what is another name for the <unk> the mouth can be withdrawn to ?
what was the real name of mr. roland ?
what function does copper eliminate when used in textile fibers ?
are all of new haven 's smaller stream active through all four seasons ?
what is william rankine 's nationality ?
what bus line uses the city as a hub ?
in what year did the maratha states lose to the british east company ?
how is graphics information read from a cd + graphics ?
what type pool do collateralized debt obligations place their payments from mortgages into ?
the kingdoms of diadochi was n't comprised of what ?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
who was microsoft windows 3.0 commonly said to be good enough for ?
when was the abbey 's annual income <unk> ?
how many miles is guam across ?
in what year did turner classic movies appear on canadian cable television ?
along with toys , where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ?
some parts of the program can remain <unk> because the what law is not examined ?
what member of nara has the ability to declare when the constitutional threshold of passage has <unk> ?
who produced the song " roland " in 1984 ?
outside of northern san diego , which other region contains business districts ?
what is the headquarters of the mod called ?
where did the sumerians put their multiplication tables ?
what is the definition of an " <unk> carrier " ?
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ?
what kind of school bases its admissions on academic merit ?
when are events usually shown as they appeared on the julian calendar ?
what city was captured from the venetians in <unk> ?
how many wells has tucson stopped using since 2001 ?
which candidate did schwarzenegger appear with at a presidential campaign rally ?
who did not understand prose ?
what location has become famous for bird <unk> ?
what was the benefit of using small pieces to create a mosaic ?
who used the term " <unk> german style " to portray what is known today as the modern style ?
in bringing the southern german states to align with prussia , what <unk> outcome was achieved ?
who did the guinness book of world records say was the oldest dog in 2011 ?
what is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
where are the dining facilities called ?
how many farms are there west of melbourne ?
during what century did the seminoles enter florida ?
what revolution made blacks <unk> of <unk> of slaves ?
which contestants did the judges save on season ten of american idol ?
why did neptune appear to be in it 's exact discover position ?
what color was alabama 's electric chair ?
prior to 1997 , where were racial categories declared for the u.s. census ?
messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired by what ?
what talent did feynman have , even early in his childhood ?
who leads the student government ?
dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system ?
do adolescents , adults , or both weight the potential rewards and consequences of an action ?
what do researchers use back-translation to try to reconstruct when a document survives only in translation ?
who was the winner of american idols tenth season ?
what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny ?
other than downtown and midtown , what area boasts a fast growing restaurant scene ?
what year was the goal for russia 's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability ?
what season six american idol contestant was known for his strange <unk> ?
the lowest speed of trains on <unk> systems is limited to what ?
in what month in 2008 did bike miami start ?
what kingdom did sun ce and sun quan never establish ?
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ?
what type of combustible materials were considered to have little philogiston ?
what do people of the fertile crescent share besides genetics ?
of the thousands of songs entered , how many were the public able to vote for ?
when did <unk> buildings originate ?
at what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ?
what benefit convinced many wealthy people to move into town during this time ?
what kind of rock did the hero <unk> discover ?
what reaction describes this process ?
what was the 1733 population of plymouth dock ?
most domestic animals were selected for what traits ?
how many non jewish people live in the united states ?
up until 2015 , who manufactured sodium thiopental ?
what has become a common research tool with model organisms ?
what part of catalonia did spain give to france ?
what can a " bolt " prevent an aircraft from doing ?
what type of covers of pop and rock songs were usually played on adult contemporary ?
william <unk> lived from what year to what year ?
when did they do away with the limit for the maximum length allowed ?
what committee did von neumann serve on within the atomic energy commission ?
what is the term for the energy generated during group <unk> , such as <unk> rituals ?
what are catholic objections to freemasonry ?
when did victoria enact its constitution ?
did america try to make puerto rico an english speaking territory ?
who released a <unk> that recommends that people follow a whole plant food diet ?
what event led to the establishment of the rsfsr ?
which company adopted the asa scale in 1946 ?
what does the title of elder not signify ?
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?
where did the spanish patrol well ?
when did the bronx museum of the arts open ?
how many people live on norfolk island ?
a non-deterministic turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis ?
she transmit her <unk> <unk> style to which audience ?
when did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ?
who was the royal palace of <unk> <unk> for ?
what method was used to protect a vinyl record ?
name one of the individuals considered the founding fathers of modern cypriot art .
after a trip to what city did carl laemmle leave the dry goods business ?
who created the formula e = mc2 ?
what are two parts of the university of kansas house in the college of liberal arts and sciences ?
in which city did many italians attempt to <unk> their services to the prussian embassy ?
what was the population of brazil in 2013 ?
what does neptune 's thermosphere containers traces of ?
who wrote about chopin 's " novel harmonic effects " ?
who owns the texas chronicle ?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called ?
where is the center of economic activity for the united states ?
where did spielberg attend college ?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is what ?
the population in england declined fast during which centuries ?
what can change symptoms of formaldehyde exposure and severity ?
which war-era country was the holocaust <unk> ?
how long do female dogs carry before delivering <unk> ?
how many times has the university of arizona women 's <unk> team won ncaa national championships ?
what did the texas air national guard focus on in september 2004 ?
what represents the aspiration modifier letter ?
why were djs inspired to create their own atkins records ?
how many daily flights did united airlines offer from houston ?
a broadcasts optimum format depends on what three things ?
when was the national army started ?
what kind of role is the head of state in <unk> parliamentary governments ?
what does the <unk> consist of ?
how many countries now have renewable energy policies ?
what was the response of <unk> <unk> in regards to further conversations with britain and france ?
what other text was related to morphology ?
who authored whitehead 's biography that is considered to be the least reliable description of whitehead 's life ?
which germanic accent mark do both the english and the dutch language not use ?
every urban district is what in its own right ?
what was peter the great 's goal for writing war and peace ?
what type of mountains compose the cascades ?
what plant was brought to st. barts from the mediterranean ?
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ?
why was this short termed organization created ?
ceo weiss barry left rca/jive label group in what year ?
who was the last person hanged in chains in the <unk> states ?
in buddhism , what must be developed at all times ?
what album did madonna released in april 2010 ?
what famous encyclopedia contains a estonian back-transliteration of russian ?
during the leagues first season in 1991 how many clubs was it made up of ?
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ?
where did a portion of miami 's black population migrate from in the early 1800s ?
what word is used in japan for comics ?
who ruled the region until the 3rd century ce ?
what were local court proceedings being held about ?
in what year was arsphenamine discovered ?
what do some people have due to their eosinophils ?
whose activities were the french able to lose knowledge of ?
what year did estonia reclaim their independence ?
when did the harvard crimson publish its first issue ?
what areas are major building materials for textiles and electronics ?
who were the next settlement of people on norfolk island restricted from ?
what does the age of rationalism succeed ?
humans in the balkans have been dated to what year ?
what is a way for programmers to use the dbms ?
what did the theory of relativity first appear in ?
what do <unk> samples help magnetic stratigraphers to date ?
what happens quickly after the ice sheet melts ?
during the later 18th century the trend of <unk> design attempted to simplify what styles ?
test cases are built around <unk> and what else ?
what is one of only two <unk> australian territories that is governed by itself ?
before becoming a de facto parliamentary republic , what form of government did samoa have ?
for whom did kierkegaard argue reality can not be a system ?
aside from the adult contemporary chart , on what other chart did lionel richie 's " <unk> " reach the top spot ?
what city had a higher murder rate than detroit in 2014 ?
what do unrecognized faiths and denominations in eritrea have to undergo ?
how did the portuguese government encourage <unk> solar panels ?
when was the first marvel mystery comic published ?
who are appointed within the duchy and county palatine of <unk> ?
beside older <unk> war residences , what is found inside the loop ?
is the division rate of the tb bacterium fast or slow relative to other bacteria ?
what did davies call the system
who helped albert magnus bring aristotelian curriculum to dominican <unk> ?
who said " the <unk> are <unk> to the creations of their own fancy . "
what drug in the running to treat multi drug resistant tb has already gotten fda approval ?
what is the typical maximum range of universal motors ?
what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias fall ?
what program has effectively eliminated pests in the us ?
what was ' always ' about ?
dukkha can be translated as what word in regards to <unk> ?
who called for korean elections in 1950 ?
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
in what year was homer born ?
a small post office and courthouse was built in what year ?
in what elections are other europeans who are living in the united kingdom or ireland , allowed to vote in ?
what did the defence functions of the ministry of aviation supply merge into in 1964 ?
what style of columns did abbott suger use when <unk> saint denis ?
how many genes are essential for <unk> coli ?
how many great prophets has allah sent ?
who directed monster movies for universal ?
state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota ?
what was the name of the settlement founded by the pilgrim fathers ?
what did two biologists point out in 1964 ?
what was the more expensive version of the macintosh se that was offered until 2001 ?
what was ruskin 's career ?
when did venice gain power over <unk> nations ?
where does ann arbor rank among u.s. cities in the number of restaurants per capita ?
who runs yale 's residential colleges ?
what year did schwarzenegger become a naturalized citizen of the united states ?
which province in pakistan borders the other 3 provinces ?
what genre of music did joy division help in the development of ?
who cares for and manages the pyx chamber and chapter house ?
what does the <unk> of antibacterials depend upon ?
as of 2003 , roughly how many full time workers were employed in the tourism industry ?
who converted to lutheranism and <unk> the prussian branch of the teutonic order ?
what war resulted in russia shrinking further during 1918 ?
who married clark ?
what is the percentage of protestants in south africa ?
what british theologian used the rule of law in his argument against the divine rights of kings ?
what is the immune system of the brained known as ?
evidence for what product has proven to be <unk> dangerous ?
in what film did donald <unk> play president bennett ?
one region comprised the entirety of mainland europe save for which country ?
what is the name of the oldest music essay competition ?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffiehellman key exchange depend on ?
who ca n't handle the ball with his hands ?
why were the displays of the ten commandments allowed ?
which revolution spread rapidly ?
one of the most important business in which shell is involved is what ?
who presided over church activities in the great plains ?
mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) examined in poles and russians revealed the presence of what major haplogroups ?
what year did caesars entertainment file for bankruptcy ?
in what year did sony and bmg germany merge ?
what lowered <unk> sea levels ?
what has been <unk> to help with the gallery ?
what is not a well-known lake of <unk> ?
what enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ?
what is there not currently confusion over ?
who did the nif regime not harbor prior to 9/11 ?
what type of economy did philadelphia have ?
what was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ?
what percentage potentially <unk> modes has life in the sea not yet invaded ?
what is another word for seafloor spreading ?
how many noble truths are there ?
why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ?
which two parameters ca n't be dropped if its value is implied from context ?
where is polonia 's home venue located ?
what is an active solar technique used to generate energy ?
what is the state defense artillery a branch of ?
what former bond theme singer was the subject of extensive activity on twitter when the spectre theme was released ?
what east asian philosophy emphasized <unk> leadership ?
where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor 's personal physicians ?
<unk> became the leaders of what party in charleston ?
what ice age signaled the end of the normal climate in the ordovician period ?
what land area is west of <unk> sound ?
who does not define informal learning ?
who is the current master of the order ?
how has the number of entrants changed in the league cup ?
from where do most tourists come from in taiwan ?
how is most of thuringia 's clean gas consumption forbidden as being ?
as of 2011 , what percentage of original telemundo programming was filmed in miami ?
what southampton area is located between the <unk> and test rivers ?
what took eight months to complete ?
who did avicenna view as inspired philosophers ?
in which edition of on the origin of species was the <unk> from joseph butler added ?
what is the county government in estonia called ?
what discovery solved the problem of non-continuous rotation ?
what dictates passenger elevator capacities ?
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
what makes neptune blue ?
are transactions limited ?
what trait causes depleted uranium not to be used in <unk> compasses ?
what type of game do national competitions to demonstrate a sport ?
when did a number of modern movement in buddhism emerge ?
who operates the public schools in raleigh ?
what was used in the construction of modern aircraft ?
what are ground moraines also called ?
what party was described as democratic socialist ?
what cause less problems in digital terrestrial television ?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ?
what is greece going to stop exploring the ionian sea for ?
how many people were in the earthquake emergency relief team ?
what is an example of an organism whose full complement of genetic material resides in its chromosomes ?
how many pages was principia mathematica ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
what is <unk> ?
what kind of engineering does industry in southampton support ?
how did timothy <unk> define mammalia in the mid 19th century ?
at what island did the globe arrive in 1824 ?
what element is typically used to establish avogadro 's formula ?
what is the earliest period the national art gallery has pieces from ?
how many vice-presidents serve under the president in iran ?
who was involved with terrorism in the cold war ?
america 's first public school was founded in boston in what year ?
what sound did us house music move beyond in the late 80s ?
what is <unk> ?
what was the rsfsr government called starting in 1964 ?
what were the weekly carriage fees for the channels ?
what did gabriel announce to mary at the annunciation ?
what type of corruption is hard to get rid of even in developed countries ?
how many people were killed in the violence ?
ibm acquired digital assets of this company on october 28 , 2015 .
what caused the revolution against the qing dynasty ?
there is a small stretch of what road between broadway and twelfth avenue ?
the 19th century marks the foundation of many what ?
where does edvard broz live ?
in apg iii how many species of flowering plants are there ?
how did the beidou system begin transitioning to global coverage ?
instead of being created from nothing aavik 's ex nihilo terms are thought to actually possibly have been influenced by what ?
what were von neumann 's model an example of ?
where in australia is victoria located ?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ?
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience ?
consent to a treaty will not be invalidated if what should have been <unk> ?
what percent of materials go to china ?
along with their family , who typically taught a child letters and numbers ?
when did somalia 's national postal service <unk> ?
when was the first french and indian war fought ?
how many protesters filled lenin square on august 19th ?
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
who was the only arab leader not to attend nasser 's funeral ?
who was responsible for naming people to serve in the cabinet ?
what year did the eighth season of american idol first air ?
what do the <unk> call boudhanath ?
what lamps were less efficient than even <unk> carbon filaments ?
how many commonwealth nations are there ?
in what decade did movie theaters become popular ?
how many lines run out of downtown los angeles ?
when did the qing surrender to the british ?
the byzantine had control over most of greece in what century ?
the stonewall riots are named after what building ?
what continental oil leader was eisenhower tied to ?
what occured from 1955 to 1968 ?
during the middle and early parts of what decade did the similarity of easy listening and hot 100 increase ?
czech 's word order is flexible because it uses what to convey word function in a sentence ?
when did the ethnic <unk> establish a kingdom ?
what political philosophy does not make a clear distinction between nation and state or religion state
what was the earthquake named ?
hydroelectricity accounts for what percentage of global electricity generation ?
when is the term private school never used in the us ?
what former marvel title imprint did goodman attempt to revive ?
in what geographic region of somalia are ancient rock paintings located ?
how has film surpassed digital cameras ?
in terms of the most successful swaziland kings in battle , who was the best ?
what discipline is not included in hirsch 's opinion ?
when was china returned to hong kong ?
the <unk> gained what over rajputana ?
what did schopenhauer believe were the only things we could know ?
what happened within a man as the image of god decreases ?
what type of fixtures do you use for indoor lighting ?
what did pilate want with the roman empire ?
how many mass extinctions have happened since life began on earth ?
what do the orthodox believe mary remained to be before and after she gave birth to christ ?
chopin attended the funeral of who in 1839 ?
william <unk> <unk> the destruction of what ?
what elements of punk rock did post-punk have in common ?
what accounts are form the basis of much of the accounts in the quran ?
which province is zhejiang bordered by to the southwest ?
when did rio get its first police inspector ?
sugar also does n't <unk> change what type of electrical activity in the brains of newborns a second after the <unk> <unk> procedure ?
which country joined nato on 11 april 2009 ?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
which <unk> producer did madonna team up with for ray of light ?
who asserted russia 's right to " self-determination ? "
who is hurt most by the unfpa ?
when did tom <unk> and crane <unk> unveil plans for a <unk> funded renovation of wrigley field ?
what was the first estonian language book to be published ?
when did the ottoman empire lose all of it 's empire except constantinople and eastern <unk> ?
the soviet union gained control over which city following the treaty of <unk> ?
what were the effects responsible for ?
what changes are involved in more simple examples of memory
what borough has the largest population of jewish people ?
which organization planned several protests ?
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center
what liquid would you need from a patient to perform igras ?
what kind of circuit boards result from applying pressure and cold air for a period of time ?
what document set forth the restrictions of the royal institute ?
what was the name given to the islands reached by ceron in october of 1529 ?
why was the east creating a war ?
what role did andy cunningham and jane anderson have in the macintosh launch plan ?
what is the largest city owned gas utility ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ?
when did irish men begin to operate <unk> fishing boats in st. john 's ?
who filed the lawsuits against shell ?
in what year did the korean war begin ?
when did a notable earthquake occur that damaged kathmandu 's durbar square ?
what product replaced laserdisc in north america by the early 2000s ?
what us president negotiated a truce with ireland to end the <unk> war at sea ?
in early 20th century glass production , the glass was <unk> at what part of the sheet ?
how are the many calculations to determine torque done ?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ?
what do people living in cyprus rely on for household water ?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
what 's the german word for " seven " ?
in what year did japan establish a base in new guinea ?
where were aristocrats buried from the middle ages ?
how many toxocara infection cases are reported annually in the us ?
in what month was the second generation of the digital monsters released ?
on what street did many of the buildings designed by john <unk> reside ?
despite the <unk> problem , and in view of intractability , what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time ?
what political group attracted voters <unk> with democrats ?
who <unk> some reforms from yeltsin ?
when was mr. unterberger 's " mystery of lover " released ?
how many <unk> tv channels are there in somalia ?
what framework did dominic use in order to build his institution ?
why does a plant move <unk> through the <unk> ?
what specific institution did barnes indicate could become a rival of the royal institute ?
what is used to manipulate institutions ?
what amendment did the chairman of the fcc compare this ruling to ?
the setting the mandolin was used in until the 1940 's was ?
when were the only constitutions for freemasonry printed ?
what is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ?
in what era was a <unk> view of the universe adopted ?
which author and <unk> has had more letters published on the main letters page of the times than any other known contributor ?
how many images could photo cds initially contain ?
when was the <unk> era ?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act ?
what has the world 's population installed ?
what churches were the graduates of cambridge affiliated with after 1643 ?
what is wang chao 's sons name ?
what person helped establish the school with a donation ?
how many copies of pal had been sold as of march 2011 ?
who now takes responsibility for aviation security ?
what is it called when the house <unk> has benefited from human activity ?
who would get to attack israel from lebanon ?
which college were the cambridge rules unknown ?
when did the ottoman empire liberate constantinople from the balkans ?
once the slip laws are placed into the united states statutes at large , what are they called ?
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the <unk> throughout the process ?
what victory at thwarted efforts of french relief ships .
how are championships decided at levels above football bowl subdivision ?
<unk> is the name of the ethnic a capella group founded at the university of pennsylvania in 1996 ?
the earl of <unk> would have how many ___ guns on the eic ships ?
who was the only grandchild of george iii until 1817 ?
when did pius ix announced his goal of <unk> the law of all eastern churches ?
what was the trend of female student population from 1970s and <unk> ?
who was concerned with russia capturing constantinople ?
beyonce 's sex appeal is characterized as what ?
how does insecure boot help avert boot process infections ?
what brand of <unk> is manufactured in <unk> ?
what foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ?
what 's an absent connection that needs to be linked up on an <unk> board called ?
who did schoolboys displace ?
who made fun of the latin language ?
along with electric motors , what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ?
when was the last year the pope traveled to england to meet elizabeth ?
what is another word for word order ?
what does the french constitution state for the language in <unk> ?
during what time were good moved through more modern means ?
his poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest ?
what kind of money is the caribbean dollar ?
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most ?
what is one thing that can prevent non-fatal injuries ?
what language was made the only official variation in 1976 ?
which company did n't distribute the nes to the uk , italy , and australia ?
in which book , was the term " computer " first used ?
what was the bestselling drug in history ?
what is an example case that can help display where upholding a racial classification is beneficial ?
which direction do birds primarily migrate ?
what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ?
who visited the scouts on their return from the tour of africa in 1937 ?
who selects and <unk> the best ideas and appropriate contractors ?
who started construction of a <unk> <unk> carrier in 2009 ?
what did athanasius do to avoid speaking to alexander at lunch ?
what university was peterson rejected from ?
in what time period did the <unk> script become prevalent ?
in which year did the <unk> revolution take place ?
who reconstructed middle chinese spoken from the 7th century to the 10th century ?
aside from being thought of as variants of estonian 's southern group what else are the <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ( voro ) and <unk> ( seto ) dialects sometimes considered ?
what was the importance of the congress ?
what country did eisenhower believe communists would conquer if they took over <unk> ?
what have computers in police cars enabled for investigation ?
where does mac hardware boot directly to in all intel-based macs ?
what barred product , along with dogs and guns , did the <unk> want after slavery began ?
what is the marking for a <unk> in a plastic case ?
which country 's courts were noted by the echr for taking a wider stance on provisions of genocide laws ?
people of african descent were the minority in charleston until what mass movement ?
who did not influence earnings related to school ?
what type of cathedral is <unk> ?
what was the degree of frederic 's association with political insurrection ?
what is the mayan writing system the only known <unk> one to completely represent this ?
can illegal pinning methods result in being disqualified ?
arthur schopenhauer lived from what year to what year ?
what governmental department contributed a grant to schwarzenegger 's hydrogen fuel project ?
what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions ?
how long do the current notes measure ?
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
what did christians <unk> starting in the 2nd century ?
whom can the second minister deliver statements to ?
glaciers are found in mountain ranges on every continent except for which <unk> ?
some types of energy are a varying mix of potential and what other kind of energy ?
when was seven lamps of architecture published ?
what aided the rapid development of explanations of chemical processes by <unk> , gibbs and <unk> ?
what company was targeted by leaks of company information ?
juvenile platyctenids act like what ?
what danger did the ipcc understate ?
what is the termed used to define the game of fighting chickens called ?
when did the <unk> theater close ?
what counted for more of the population change ?
for which team was the first goal scored ?
what is a word that ca n't be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school 's intake ?
did britain become populated with people again before or after the ice came to an end ?
the haunted mansion at <unk> in california and the one in paris , france <unk> attribute ?
in the 1850 us census , what was put into the color column for black persons ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
who is the former chief scientific adviser to the uk government ?
the java <unk> kingdom was well-known for what ?
voiceless consonants are <unk> by what ?
how did bands associated with the original post-punk movement cause it to end ?
what film did bakker base his book off of ?
how many macs did apple sell worldwide during the 2009 holiday season ?
campaign spending and what fell after the post stopped publishing ?
what is connecticut 's biggest city ?
what was the label given to queen victoria during the great famine ?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers ?
which number did madonna 's album peaked at the billboard 800 six months later ?
what is the main effects in new haven 's weather due to being a coastal city ?
which rules were influential to the codes of association football ?
along with road vehicles , locomotives and ships , on what vehicles were steam engines used during the industrial revolution ?
the egalitarianism typical of human hunters and gatherers is always what ?
what type of sensation is pitch ?
what is one prominent , specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism ?
what happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a member state is not a local bank ?
how many black people lived in <unk> until 1878 ?
what topic do private bills typically have ?
what are <unk> of introduction and pollution ?
when did royal dutch shell make its first investment into flng ?
what chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air ?
how many divisions are there in the u.s. navy ?
orthodox jewish groups reject what precedent ?
what part the composition of the earth 's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen ?
the protesters were unhappy with the pollution in what body of water ?
retailers in what test area reported a success of sales ?
how did jan hus die ?
what eventually caused jugurtha to become a captive ?
how much land did the homestead act allow ?
how many inhabitants does egypt have ?
what kind of an entity did popper believe the universe to be ?
how many marine organisms were found in the 12,000 miles studied ?
how many floridians claimed they 're of spanish descent ?
in which year did nbc sports secure an extension of six years with the premier league ?
what did simpson lay out that was universally taught until 1945 ?
what are <unk> of similar plants ?
which country does n't need a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied ?
which team received premier league approval to relocate to dublin ?
what company did the national archives partner with make it 's universal newsreels available online ?
how many official greek mandatory public holidays are there ?
madonna granted which tv show the rights to her entire catalog of music ?
who controlled the inland trade in guinea-bissau during this time ?
what city houses the headquarters of the <unk> <unk> di <unk> ?
how did applicants find the biological questionnaire ?
what military branch does much of jacksonville 's arab population have ties to ?
what u.s. congressman covered up the fbi operation ?
to whom did nelson lose the party to in 2008 ?
<unk> <unk> was originally used to tell the difference between what styles ?
where did us ships and french <unk> fight between 1798 and 1800 ?
what was his assigned punishment ?
who did n't atari attempt to force <unk> production of games for its system ?
what are the most common rocks in antarctica ?
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens ?
what do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources ?
how could an antenna be made to coordinate with the needed frequency ?
where is roy hodgson from ?
what type of publication has put out articles questioning bedaquiline 's safety ?
what did swaziland have a surplus of in the 1990 's ?
what drove prussia away from <unk> its alliance with britain ?
it is difficult to find a broadcast network that does not engage in this practice ?
by august 2010 how many public schools did victoria have ?
what breed was the largest dog known to have lived ?
what was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ?
what pub in england is the highest above sea level ?
what does management of canon law aim to regulate ?
in what year was alaska 's capital officially changed to juneau ?
in what year was the hospitality association of namibia established ?
from the 2011 census , london is second in population in the eu to which city ?
how many biomolecules contain no oxygen ?
when was a free-travel area created betwen northern ireland and ireland ?
what is the greek goddess that symbolizes copper ?
in what year did the three original cantons join with five other cantons to form the " old confederacy " of eight states ?
who formed spain 's first national police force ?
what is the rose garden also known as ?
from which language is the least common term derived ?
what groups is named after the trait of growth by <unk> or <unk> ?
when was the terry v. ohio case ?
what do many geologists believe about earthquake prediction ?
which writer outlined the history of important hellenistic figures ?
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
what can improve the efficiency of <unk> white light ?
what law regulates drug marketing in the us ?
what award was presented to kanye west on august 30 , 2015 ?
the biodiversity of what is the lowest on earth ?
what type of extreme punishment was likely to be laid upon those who committed the harshest of crimes ?
what year did popper win the city of berlin prize for the humanities ?
what effect does european union law have on laws of member states ?
when did <unk> die ?
in what year did the ottomans destroy <unk> ?
why was <unk> <unk> imprisoned on the island ?
what trains run along partially electrified routes ?
from what building was the first photophone message sent ?
what success did abercrombie gain out of the win at carillon ?
when did the french language adopt the word ' police ' ?
what is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ?
whose name is on the permit required for operation of an elevator ?
what is the common term for the loss of key members of french society to huguenot emigration ?
what is the most popular alcoholic drink in switzerland ?
what can be used for optimal justification ?
when did the bbc first change studios ?
how many consular offices does houston have ?
what studies how people use the world around them ?
when hunting big game what is typically required ?
in what year did hudson 's address the issue of parking outside of cities ?
who awarded the rights to publish the calendar ?
what was the profession of george marshall ?
what period ended <unk> million years ago ?
who founded the achaemenid empire when the city states in iran came together in unification ?
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
what must be the attitude of a party towards assuming the legal obligations of the treaty ?
when did li tan lead a revolt ?
what is the status of the relationship between <unk> and monocots ?
what do <unk> women generally wear ?
what does georgian architecture have a <unk> for ?
what has been the centre point of elizabeth 's arms since she ascended to the throne ?
when japan received <unk> % of its imported oil from the middle east in december what result did it cause in public ?
who was the partner in the treaty of <unk> ?
how high is huangmaojian peak in meters ?
about how many lines was beowulf ?
in developing countries , who makes most of the spending decisions ?
what is a greek royal palace called ?
what is the term for a zero difference between collector and emitter ?
what did planes and automobiles have to divide separately ?
after which event did the 1943 race riot happen ?
who was red <unk> a brand for ?
who are some contemporary composers from portugal ?
what is the samoan word for rhythm ?
aside from the accusative , where can the direct object of the verb be found ?
which measure must be adopted when there is a choice between several ?
what doctrine asserts mary 's real and perpetual virginity before the act of giving birth to jesus ?
what do most european countries do after they adopted the gregorian calendar ?
what language replace common <unk> after the roman invasion ?
who was a diplomat and military officer ?
the largest construction projects are known as what ?
how many enterprises have been made completely private since the agreement ?
after what time did the abbot of monte <unk> send for byzantine <unk> ?
southern nigeria is turning from a forest to what type of environment ?
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
what service did the <unk> connect to ?
the ictr was created in november 1995 by which branch of the un ?
on what island was the bonaparte ancestral home located ?
what is one method that can lower the efficiency of phosphor-based leds ?
what is amphetamine 's market name ?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 1 ?
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy ?
what types of large fossils are found in desert national park ?
when was the prime number theorem proven ?
what historic landmark is located on the pier ?
what was the name of the race the boat was damaged in ?
who challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
what was the average family size ?
what is esoteric buddhism also called ?
how many years of study would it take to obtain a degree from a polytechnic in singapore ?
before they hire a contractor , what do the <unk> contractors also do about a project ?
how many outreach events were held at eton by oxford university in 2010 ?
to what degree do variations in the old testament alter the meaning ?
what property of zinc is believed to reverse aging ?
how many yards does the offense lose for a time count on third down ?
what were the soviets hoping to stop ?
the <unk> , bells and <unk> are all what type of instrument ?
how is the united states treating incandescent light bulbs ?
how does the halogen bulb increase darkening over time ?
how many people attended the service in lviv ?
in what year did montini visit the united states ?
wwhat southeast asian country has the smallest muslim population ?
what was the network operated by the <unk> <unk> telecom ?
shell has accepted responsibility for keeping its pipelines in what condition ?
when did the c-group inhabit the nile valley ?
animals that share characteristics that are different than what other animals in that species have is known as what ?
what <unk> poet shot at victoria 's carriage on march 2 , 1882 ?
where tornadoes least common on earth ?
where does dell take less of its purchases for its products ?
what proposed attacks did shirley plan ?
who did the mughal emperor extend hospitality to ?
at what relative level are <unk> genes expressed at ?
who said that sanskrit was a specific language set apart ?
what rank did the <unk> decree assigned ?
what other city is similar to philadelphia 's accent ?
what was founded in 1902 ?
the legislature approves the 8 vice presidents and how many cabinet members ?
in what year was the archivist of the us hired ?
what did the jurassic period end ?
when was charles ii of england restored to the throne ?
where do doctors perform empirical therapy testing ?
as opposed to an <unk> economy , what industry is armenia moving to ?
what title was given to de melo in 1755 ?
what english organization did john williams belong to ?
what came into being in january 1989 ?
when was the metropolitan police act rejected ?
when had tucson last had as much snow as 2013 ?
in what year did howard kendall win his first division one championship ?
when did the population of the island start to <unk> decline ?
the front of the hudson river was named what by <unk> <unk> ?
who provides rhetoric points against the soviet propaganda ?
what is the key bed ?
the rhine forms the border between austria and what other country ?
how many semesters is a typical byu year broken up into ?
what is the jelly-like <unk> called ?
what was the main reason sanjaya garnered such attention ?
what is the name of the corporation that bought the times in 1967 ?
how did the polish nobility system compare to other <unk> countries ?
when was the roman rite created ?
what was irina margareta nistor 's job in bulgaria ?
who is a current member of quantum ?
who represents the national government on a local level ?
in what year did ge sell its computer division to <unk> ?
what organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine ?
what language did most of lower canada speak ?
how many passengers are typically on a ship ?
who cast the sanctus bell ?
at what venue does the hampshire county cricket club play ?
the puritan movement worked on <unk> what church ?
what can people who approve loans for a living take part in in government ?
what was the goal in the general staff studying past operations ?
what was a common background of post-punk musicians ?
what nationality was <unk> <unk> ?
how many bacilli have been created in the last 7 years ?
when was the royal university of warsaw established ?
what did <unk> <unk> say of <unk> 's nation building ?
how many works displayed at the salon de la section d'or at the galerie la <unk> in paris , october 1922 ?
what was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ?
what is another popular <unk> tuning ?
what is <unk> alcock responsible for founding ?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives ?
what religion did arabs bring to egypt ?
what does galicia 's name mean ?
which two amiibo figures reload link 's stock of arrows ?
what kind of <unk> could partially mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen ipods ?
what have translators generally been <unk> at doing ?
outside of north america , if someone said " lumber , " to what would they be referring ?
what position did churchill hold ?
what was the first illustrated humor periodical in britain during the 19th century ?
who defined pain in 1986 ?
when did sclaveni live in swamps ?
what was the name of the school that served as the sadp 's <unk> ?
what type of god did whitehead believe never existed ?
charleston and berkeley is combined with what other county to form a metropolitan statistical area ?
what year did bell become president of the national geographic magazine ?
can females be drafted into the military ?
what is the last opus number that chopin used ?
along with urban adult contemporary and smooth jazz , what station format might feature music from <unk> ?
an <unk> study on dogs proved that dogs have the same response as humans to what ?
what type of sports centers are <unk> sports center and nanjing olympic sports center considered to be ?
what nickname prompted a return to the canon on the club crest ?
who sponsors fashion month miami ?
which of homer 's works is longer , the iliad or odyssey ?
buddhism 's spread led to what large-scale effort ?
what body of the federal government credits new haven resident louis <unk> with inventing the hamburger and <unk> <unk> ?
what leads to lower quality images ?
where is the fifa located ?
how long did it take for myanmar to recover from the collapse of it 's first kingdom ?
what was the taragaon museum prior to being a museum ?
what term avoids distinguishing between languages and dialects ?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ?
at what global company was the first <unk> led developed ?
who gained temporal power in the <unk> ?
in what year did king edward viii abdicate the throne ?
members of what species populated parts of africa in a relatively short time ?
<unk> lost how many fighters ?
in what year what new delhi inaugurated as the capital of india ?
how many seconds did a streetcar run along woodward ave in 1941 ?
who accompanied chopin 's sister to paris ?
where was the dutch navy located ?
who was the first governor of california who had been born in a foreign country ?
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
what were the other <unk> canaanite colonies of sicily ?
who produces estimates of worldwide losses attributable to security breaches ?
what did the princeton review rank lds in 2014 ?
what is it called when the rest mass of individual particles is destroyed but the inertia equivalent of the system of the two particles remains ?
in what area of alaska was camp alaska located ?
who was accused of <unk> beyonce 's skin for an advertisement ?
how many members did the original texas city council have ?
who also began an inquiry into the answer of being ?
how many uk towns have passed laws outlawing the death penalty ?
who had a special class among clergy known as priests in the 9th century ?
what artistic style was prominent in new york in the 1950s ?
in what way does richard dawkins believe the existence of the universe has continued on in ?
how many asian organizations were involved in filing the federal complaints ?
in what year was the university of maynard incorporated ?
how many federal reserve banks exist ?
what is the <unk> ?
what was <unk> 's job ?
when did the classical learning revival begin ?
what <unk> did howison agree with ?
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ?
in what year did robert <unk> become elizabeth 's private secretary ?
what term can mean a <unk> piece of a collection of short pieces ?
what are footwear and hats both considered ?
how close was the race betwen turnbull and abbott in 2009 ?
what was the <unk> commonwealth ?
what will be erased if an ipod is set to sync with a different computer ?
how many species of wildlife habitat the alps ?
outside of doing it on their own time , what other motivation could students have to take non mandatory <unk> ?
how did john <unk> the local irish rulers ?
how long was <unk> the new battlefield ?
who invaded turkey ?
what has developed a number of unrelated concepts and terms ?
what is the typical amount of sunshine days in tropical high pressure belt ?
who tested the three major hdtv systems in the late 1970 's ?
what are non = migratory birds called ?
what was the trajectory of political unrest after the treaty ?
maps is the former name of which satellite ?
which region contains desert national park ?
what is the average annual snowfall in tibet ?
the prajnaparamita sutras were developed along the <unk> river in what region of south india ?
what approach takes the sense of self and belonging as a fixed thing ?
list two alternatives to rotary stepper motors in <unk> applications .
presbyterianism is based on this type of tradition , what is it ?
what date did the u.s. intervention in new mexico end ?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
how many marines were killed in the attack ?
when will government subsidies to thuringia end ?
whose envoy was slaughtered by <unk> ?
what book came out in the 18th century ?
how will the infrared image of an object with a higher emissivity appear in relation to one with lower emissivity ?
when were the benedictine monks required to maintain a vanity school ?
what was the name of the group that formerly ruled <unk> ?
when did plymstock join the unitary authority of plymouth ?
who <unk> out key financial institutions and implemented economic stimulus programs as an answer to the financial crisis of 2007 ?
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
what , rather than islamism , requires explanation ?
when did bell go to montreal ?
which american idol contestant has won the biggest number of grammy awards ?
name a museum named after a founding father ?
name a luxury division of toyota .
studies of prehistoric hunter-gatherers can <unk> light on which group ?
what is the name of a prominent contemporary art gallery on orange street in new haven ?
along with army leaders , police and civil administration , what did the governor control in his province ?
who provided a definition of linear bounded <unk> in 1960 ?
what was syria like under <unk> ?
what is the old name of windows explorer ?
how many clubs , projects and societies is the union responsible for managing ?
what does zhejiang consist mostly of ?
what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years ?
what method of translation did schleiermacher favor ?
arab conquest was limited to what region ?
what language does the general council want to promote ?
what path is described as being built upon the motivation to liberate all living beings ?
are communications services in somalia mostly concentrated in the public or private sector ?
how many divisions are there in the non-canadian army ?
what is n't another term for sufi quranic interpretation ?
which group is located in western austria ?
how was the elephant population in uganda ?
in which year did the first spanish manila <unk> make port in guam ?
what does gender also affect in czech ?
what island do the marshall islands claim ?
what was the name of the emperor that <unk> removed from the throne ?
guerra was assassinated in a suburb of which city ?
many adaptations of the instruments were done to cater to what type of music ?
along with marine engines and industrial units , in what machines were marine locomotives popular ?
when was fort hamilton built ?
why is n't the value of c0 unattainable in reality ?
what is a king 's scholar entitled to put after their name ?
what is one name of a <unk> assigned to the united provinces ?
what award did nakamura receive in 2016 for his invention ?
who left fort watuaga , crossed the appalachians , and attacked the british army in south carolina in 1780 ?
when was the construction of an airport in saint helena announced ?
on what date did the second election for president of the rsfsr occur ?
what do the membership of the committees reflect ?
what is another piece created by olivier messiaen ?
in what country is the bbc headquartered ?
who performs research for bond ?
who was the <unk> of the first debate between kerry and bush ?
how could a candidate assure the vote of a poverty stricken plebeian ?
polynomial time reductions are an example of what ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
for how many seasons did american idol air ?
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire ?
weekly , how many senior ladies teams does southampton hockey club field ?
what form was the evidence of ancient cultures discovered in ?
when investigating gene expression , what type of genes are used as a control for experiments ?
what does the decline in value of the average price correspond to ?
what kind of movement was prehistoric architecture in the beginning ?
what was <unk> during world war ii ?
governments created knowledge to serve as what ?
what did hurricane andrew cause florida to do
what is an islamic revival movement ?
which town hosted the 2nd winter olympic games in 1928 ?
how much air pollution in chevron corporation responsible for each year ?
which cuticle later is like wax ?
what subject was germany behind the uk in teaching ?
which missile batteries often have individual launchers several kilometres from one another ?
along with <unk> bay and <unk> , what <unk> beaches are popular with tourists ?
who was the promoter , director and <unk> of the first public library in montevideo ?
when did edward return ?
what was chosen to be the governmental center of italian east africa ?
how much speed is associated with each degree warnerke ?
what happened that led to the creation of the french republic ?
along with cyprus , what other major signatory official protested the the immunity of others from prosecution of genocide ?
who purchased the majority stake and <unk> the product in 1980 ?
what was another name for mogadishu ?
what other countries do n't boast of a greek populace ?
what is the capital of swaziland ?
antigone was a play made by whom ?
during which decade did ge start <unk> computers ?
what state never notably had electric chair <unk> ?
which country did the pact conquer ?
which of hayek 's books argued against the socialist price mechanism ?
what is the maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs as tested in labs ?
the propaganda due lodge was chartered by who ?
what means there is an increase in structural damage or absorption inhibition ?
what language did gaddafi have difficulty learning ?
what are <unk> tourists regarded as by <unk> ?
what are most public schools not a part of ?
when did cbc shut down its analogue transmitter ?
what order did not influence the dominican order ?
the area is viewed as what politically
the near east and the middle east <unk> until what period ?
the channel was where one could hear what ?
what did fleming initially think a good use for chemists would be ?
how is a coreless motor <unk> ?
what drugs are the least fundamental to develop ?
what do annelids use to fly ?
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago ?
what is william rankine 's nationality ?
when did american idol debut ?
how many <unk> home runs did <unk> get against the cardinals at the <unk> game ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ?
who provides vocational training in cork ?
who tried to exert power over the bishop ?
when did the ottoman empire rise ?
in what year did <unk> post information about a <unk> on his website ?
how many miles south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ?
what is neptune 17 times smaller than ?
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ?
how large in square kilometers is swaziland ?
what is a commonly used food coloring in the united kingdom that is banned in australia , japan , norway , and the united states ?
to whom were school hall and school library erected in <unk> of ?
how do new york , illinois and california maintain civil procedure laws ?
what medium has seen the biggest fall in sales as of late ?
how many feet above sea level is the city of boston ?
what industry generates 1.2 billion in economic activity each year for north carolina ?
whose responsibility is it to assure that assent has been granted ?
how far is st. <unk> 's from <unk> ?
when was the greek figure style mostly formed ?
what was disrupted by internet growth for the press ?
what influences <unk> solubility in metals ?
what does n't an <unk> do ?
of what alliance is tuvalu a member ?
during what time period did panini do his work ?
how much of a decrease in sales have windows devices experienced ?
local governments are limited by which article ?
when did st. barts finally received its independence ?
what is <unk> the deity of ?
how many firms were there in 2011 ?
where did florida rank in population growth
what may present visible or <unk> <unk> ?
how do creators of content not protect their work from infringement ?
how do bills pass through parliament ?
the act of predation typically results in what for the prey ?
what was the name of the illegitimate son acknowledged by napoleon ?
what area has become attractive for restaurants ?
what is the trend for secular jews to become more religiously observant known as ?
why did most countries need a adapted version of ascii ?
who is the house led by ?
who is the anglican bishop of swaziland ?
what organization ranked new delhi <unk> in economic activity in 2011 ?
what amount of bird species on earth are found in the amazon rainforest ?
how is this process usually used for transmission lines and antennas ?
who suggested the idea of <unk> australis in the 1st <unk> b.c. ?
what was a colloquial term for the <unk> counter ?
what are the non-orthodox indian philosophies that do not accept vedas called ?
who is <unk> 's consort ?
along with williamsburg , what city 's rail traffic uses the main street station ?
what companies were responsible for the creation and subsequent release of the original digimon ?
what was the twinning city with bern in 2008 ?
the successful mixing of dogs with hunting is often given as a primary reason for what ?
in addition to the 625-line pal system , what european system is considered a standard definition television system ?
serotonin is a <unk> that is involved in regulation of what ?
what techniques can be used to alter the genomes of an adult organism to treat genetic disease ?
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ?
where are appeals always moved to from the high court ?
in some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts .
what was the first compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot ?
on what date did the mau demonstrate on the streets of apia ?
what lord helped the eic through his politics , take control over all of india ?
what was the name of the different governments forming in ancient asia ?
what year did the art institute of charleston close ?
how many people left the speech that truman made ?
to what mountainous area is antarctica geologically similar ?
how many huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ?
how many votes were cast during the final week ?
what is a problematic category in addition to race ?
what language <unk> is russian in ?
what is albert einstein known for ?
what planting zone does the city land in ?
what was used to <unk> <unk> in recordings ?
in what year was the election held that let pompey and crassus obtain the seat of consul ?
what is the study of human history ?
when did the second indiana jones movie come out ?
where were british defeated in canada ?
in what year were the islands first sighted ?
what producer was the first to produce deep house ?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who ?
finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault ?
what states that two things are not necessarily the same just because no difference can be identified ?
what is the oldest exhibition site in ujazdow ?
which ancient people were mentioned in the first written reference to bod " tibet " ?
what is the difference between robbery and piracy ?
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ?
who was the first indigenous liberal elected to the house ?
how do grammatical particles violate the usual pattern ?
most major airports provide commercial outlets for what ?
who runs saint helena online ?
which is the other name that madonna is always referred as ?
what drawback would changing clocks gradually add to the process ?
what commonality do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ?
who is the university accredited by ?
who exiled the monarch ?
what causes the decrease of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age ?
how many contract research organizations are in san diego ?
what was pope saint john xxiii 's birth name ?
the setting of <unk> is called what ?
in what year were there <unk> <unk> in jacksonville
who did cardinal giovanni battista montini later become ?
what does the <unk> of the tuvalu myth represent ?
what other artist besides kanye west and common was among the first to record at good music ?
what was copper called in greece ?
what is the name given to the area between two conductors in a capacitor ?
what did avicenna consider when explaining his theories on philosophy ?
how many senators are there in the french senate ?
what was collier 's nickname ?
in what year was the bundy manufacturing company created ?
what 's the name for the crystalline polymer derived from glucose ?
what organization oversees professional canadian football ?
how many distinct rounds of genome duplication events are suspected in the evolution of seed plants ?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions ?
london was honored with what in july , 2005 ?
in its preparations , what was the source of other considerations by the international court of justice ?
what language do the yi people speak ?
which year did feyman complete his phd ?
how many grammy awards did beyonce win for her first solo album ?
what type of a cappella music is specific to american culture ?
who was thomas <unk> ?
where is the side yale campus ?
what was rarely used ?
how has <unk> <unk> described her ?
in what state is oxygen shipped in bulk ?
which two coastal regions are now major tourist destinations ?
the office of strategic services is an example of what type of posting during the war ?
held back by size limits , webcomics are said to have a what ?
what is rarely found near <unk> areas ?
what do larger fortunes generate ?
what was the alternative to creating an arab political federation ?
when liszt lived close to chopin , where did he call home ?
what is covered by valleys of the <unk> range ?
who asserted russia 's right to " self-determination ? "
most new <unk> work appears where ?
what evidence of previous rule is <unk> in the buildings in burma ?
how many hosts are recognized by an ipod the first time they 're used ?
when did wars between britain and france in north america start ?
tribes of slavs were invading what provinces of the eastern empire ?
who administered the last <unk> to von neumann ?
what do marsupials have that make them less like a therian ?
in 1960 , what group made up <unk> % of tennessee 's population ?
what is the <unk> river in punjab ?
what two factors are focused on when explaining an individual 's actions within a group ?
who was the first african country to get internet ?
who collected a large amount of information on the argentina language ?
what trait causes depleted uranium to be used in <unk> compasses ?
what did barthelemy boganda establish in september 1940 ?
when was islamic architecture first seen ?
with which type of government did <unk> replace the old one ?
what happened in the fifteenth century that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars ?
from which period did the first known <unk> arise from ?
what has catalan often been considered ?
who thought pop culture was a risk ?
on what sort of basis does the premier league sell its television rights ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
could the london market support the large numbers of writers that were emerging ?
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
which book did victoria publish that did nothing to take away from the rumors about her and john brown ?
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ?
who ordered general macarthur to make a defense plan with australia ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ?
what was n't the time frame of the papal schism ?
work and school holidays are determined by what ?
what is the approximate population of the miami metro area ?
who replaced gladstone after he was fired ?
why did coalition nations fear the removal of hussein from power ?
following the soviet collapse what became the only official estonian language ?
which publisher did lyell convince to arrange publication of darwin 's work ?
how long was ' amblin ' ?
what is relatively uncommon among indoor american football leagues ?
what is a <unk> known as locally ?
what would be an example of middle <unk> ?
when did allied forces surrender singapore to the japanese ?
what dialect did alfred 's government use ?
what entertainment medium did edgar fields and <unk> <unk> come from ?
what could be made out of wood that could be used to fight off attackers ?
during what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels ?
how many female students were discussed in the <unk> ' <unk> ?
how often is the ag2r race held ?
when is children 's day ?
what theory was more widely accepted by the mid-20th century ?
what area depends on agriculture in guinea-bissau ?
where did general bozize flee to escape ?
how many years ago did catholicism leave the province ?
what did <unk> and <unk> agree on ?
what groups are not yet involved with unfpa ?
when were eastern regions of the louisiana territory under spanish rule ?
the ottoman empire controlled territory on four continents , africa , asia and which other ?
what other term in the 3rd century besides aryan also refer to iran ?
during what years was the high victorian gothic period in britain ?
what group was an influence to roman culture ?
what was the reason japan gave for the war ?
what is an islamic revival movement ?
what region of lithuania was n't to be turned over to the nazis ?
what is the furthest town the royalists reached during their advance into southampton in <unk> ?
unfpa 's goal in peru was to protect whose rights ?
where did apollo go in winter ?
who is the author of the apostles creed ?
what place had the norman arab architectural style ?
what punishment is <unk> used for heretics ?
what was the law called that let people be immune to persecution ?
at first , what did oxygen and iron combine to form ?
which are the two main parties in tennessee politics ?
who was the founder of the oracle corporation ?
which border does the rhine flow from the south ?
what province joined canada in the mid 19th century ?
what was another term used for the oil crisis ?
what british company was in charge at the hague ?
what are courts exercising presidential power referred to ?
what was the main construction project in the <unk> style ?
what was used to protect the " area " ?
what mountains are in oklahoma 's eastern third ?
in what year did richard trevithick patent his device ?
how many municipalities are there ?
who is a modern greek cypriot writer and poet ?
who is the only one who ever knows the partial meaning of quranic verses in the esoteric view ?
are boys or girls more likely in some cultures to be thrown into child labour ?
when was crystal hospitalized ?
which german poet and <unk> declared green to be the most <unk> color ?
what is a property of objects which can be transferred to other objects or converted into different forms in biology ?
were the szlachta obscure and mysterious or obvious and proud .
who arranged the compromise that nicholas agreed to ?
what <unk> abbreviation is used for undergraduate engineering courses ?
what famous reformer was from <unk> ?
what was developed in 1859 ?
what does <unk> monster stand for ?
when was an oath requiring militia to <unk> the <unk> of the pope replaced ?
what is present in all <unk> mammals ?
what country did kerry discuss with <unk> ?
what might have become available during the copper age ?
by which century had london started becoming a prominent capital city ?
what do <unk> operations require ?
what is the public high school system called in mexico city ?
who translated burke 's work from french ?
what kind of instruments are favored by hylian ?
along with firmness , soundness , and form , what property of a knot is classified ?
which european emperor painted their palace red ?
what happened in <unk> ?
what value may clothing designed to be fashionable also have ?
the region spans which mountains other than the transverse ranges ?
in what year did the dockyard technical college close ?
which ngo investigated the chinese program in 2005 ?
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ?
when must tz values be changed on an older system ?
the battle of the <unk> took place in what year ?
who was the minister of the interior for thuringia in 1930 ?
what language would you hear teachers speak if you attended school in suriname ?
in what century was the corpus juris civilis rediscovered ?
who was jan potocki related to ?
during what <unk> later period was the 360 the best selling console ?
which square stops both 15th and 16th streets ?
when did production of radio sets end ?
tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using google earth ?
in 2000 , what was the earliest welsh and english pubs could open on any day but sunday ?
what was not an <unk> case of all this ?
what did <unk> mean ?
how should palladium be placed when it has oil on it ?
of what were prodigies <unk> ?
which culture involves <unk> the feet of elders ?
what was the dynasty that ruled before the manchu ?
what is an example of a type of universally prohibited action that no state can legally assume an obligation to commit or permit through a treaty ?
where did the only survivor , thomas <unk> , remain a dead man ?
what dialects of the southern group are spoken on the <unk> <unk> ?
who said the term ' intellectual property ' " operates as a <unk> " ?
how many employees are there in san diego for every <unk> residents ?
which year did madonna sign a $ 120 million deal with live nation ?
what is an alloy ?
<unk> national park is known by photographers as what ?
what is responsible for printing $ <unk> billion liberian dollars each year ?
what events are shown as they appeared on the julian calendar with the year starting as it did when they occurred ?
what was standardized as the international color at the vienna road signs convention ?
how is digital photography different from film ?
the <unk> was prominent during what years ?
what is the former <unk> pharmaceutical campus used for ?
how long is the sun link ?
what resulted having no natural predators for the animals introduced ?
do additive or subtractive methods use less raw materials ?
a <unk> gauge is accurate within what ranges ?
where are the horse races held
what family was supposed to have supported the january 1804 assassination plot targeting napoleon ?
what party is the current governor of guam a member of ?
what has the texas ship channel served to promote into success ?
how many government tv stations exist ?
what religion did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ?
what larvae live like plankton ?
how was french president jacques chirac described by the sun ?
what has caused <unk> parties to be abandoned over the past two decades ?
what kind of solutions are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory ?
what do degrees <unk> indicate ?
what does fbi stand for ?
what metal rose due to speculation ?
what 1689 law contributed to parliament 's growing power ?
when was the activity of desktop publishing last used ?
when was montreal captured ?
which is australia 's busiest port ?
these theorems state that general relatively must break down before what ?
what mall is north of downtown ann arbor ?
what was created to solve the problem for ansi c ?
what year did importation of chinese laborers peak ?
which version , latin or cyrillic , is most commonly used ?
denmark has a <unk> to 100 percent renewable energy by what year ?
what was <unk> heavy losses and increasing the air war designed to do ?
which dictionary said police were ' a symbol of foreign <unk> ' ?
the war was one of the first to be documented in what two ways ?
why might italian dialects be regarded as independent languages rather than dialects of standard italian ?
whose death in <unk> led to a civil war in iran ?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ?
foreign names are not considered what ?
what two things did each noble have ?
what age did the archbishop of milan not have to be below to serve in office ?
how did king louis xv respond to british plans ?
the crtc encouraged the use of there to maintain over-the-air signals ?
surface mount mounting can provide needed strength for what ?
how many full time teachers does victoria have ?
when was the <unk> view started ?
where were anthropology departments found by the 2000 's ?
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ?
what is christian ac a subgenre of ?
when did the use of middle persian script begin ?
what is the origin of some spanish words ?
does slow or rapid growth make relatively porous , light wood ?
in what country does tito have a street named in his honor ?
what <unk> were <unk> in the 1900 's
who made the apollo <unk> ?
although the schedule in israel became predictable after 2005 , there were still problems in windows until israel adjusted dst to what calendar in 2013 ?
what did most countries have by the late 2000 's ?
how did the stuxnet worm infect industrial equipment ?
the protest of trial result in what specifically ?
photovoltaic and solar-thermal plants may meet how much of the world 's energy needs by 2006 ?
how often do lipids divide ?
who benefited from csnet ?
when was legislation passed that gave the agency management of a new airport aide program ?
who represents the city in michigan senate ?
why did kublai 's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire ?
in the morality play , who never summoned everyman ?
what uses <unk> panels below fluorescent lights ?
what was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ?
who is buckingham palace restricted from ?
what score did cnet give the ps2 out of ten ?
what was the duke of york 's relationship to his religion described as being ?
what is a measure of the power of an antenna ?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason ?
who did not predate punk ?
besides wear , what is a <unk> of <unk> <unk> springs ?
what uncomprehensive school was established in anglesey ?
which disciple of plato was considered the most important ?
who did n't use imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ?
what german state did the british government plan to colonise while including norfolk island as an auxiliary settlement ?
where was the study done that showed dog bites were less serious in children than adults ?
what did representatives draft in florida ?
of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest exhaust compression is used ?
how many native german speakers in the world are there ?
the first olympic games was recorded in what year ?
what did the <unk> veterans returning home not have in addition to their prestige ?
at what time of day is the quiet storm format played ?
when did the age of imperialism begin ?
on what river can brazzaville be found ?
what was translated to latin in the 12th century ?
female sex hormones are <unk> of which immune responses ?
what is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ?
what type of food are grapes ?
how many tourists visited new york in 2011 ?
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?
what suggests the general meaning of a compound character ?
what does the act require all hunters over the age of sixteen to do ?
what skills would have made others more suspicious that mohammad was getting his revelations in the way he said ?
how many different countries developed radar starting in the 1930s ?
when was the town of <unk> founded ?
what did the eic become less of to the crown ?
what type of fish did the abbey give to thames <unk> ?
what group of participants attack <unk> with <unk> and dried pig <unk> ?
what was created for the sake of comparing english dialects ?
what trees are located in <unk> portions ?
who was the founder of the roman republic ?
which methods are required by cipa dc-004 ?
what is the point of far field communications ?
how was the migrating of <unk> and <unk> <unk> tracked ?
who held that judaism demands an application of the bible through human experience ?
what state notably had electric chair <unk> ?
how long is greece 's coastline ?
a mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village ?
mechanical pulps are often more expensive than what ?
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time ?
what was the least developed state among the three kingdoms ?
what is houston 's primary airport ?
what tax was in force throughout the united kingdom during this time ?
how much of the nation 's endangered species is it estimated benefits from the protection afford by the duck stamp funds ?
in 2010 youtube launched a version of its site that ran on what standard ?
which ethnicities made up the qing government ?
what current leader of a car manufacturing company attended ku ?
in what year was a new interdisciplinary management program cancelled at ku 's school of business ?
who dedicated the roman catholic church built in samoa in 1984 ?
what attributes make universal motors <unk> for consumer applications like hair <unk> ?
what weather condition increased ?
on which date did china become effective ?
what are these enlisted positions in the usaf complimented by ?
what branch took over umayyad leadership during the second civil war ?
what is the more common coat for dogs from colder climates ?
what is the new name for the time warner cable music pavilion ?
what happens with the brussels special position ?
when was the football league originally founded ?
when did the <unk> war end ?
what is youtube premium ?
along with <unk> , what types of clouds are cold and high ?
what is the active voice never shifted to when needed ?
how much electricity is exported by estonia annually ?
why would italian americans want to get themselves designated as members of a preferred group ?
what do many historical linguists consider modern greek to be a dialect of ?
what location was originally featured in the monopoly game ?
what is the group of eight ?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
what was the first internet2 network named
of what is the early logo of arsenal an example ?
who was an ancestor of the first families of virginia ?
what is sometimes impossible to model ?
when did washington university acquire the property for <unk> research center ?
what was the color of the s model case ?
what is said to be the world 's oldest university ?
what local fm station won the queens award ?
what is true of acts such as genocide and piracy in regard to treaty law ?
who is credited with the vaisesika <unk> ?
when were ' half speed ' and ' digitally <unk> ' recordings being released ?
what brand of car is manufactured in <unk> ?
how many members are on the <unk> city council ?
where are all of the plants found ?
who did documentary maker <unk> <unk> draw a picture for ?
when compared to the western alps , what area has few high peaked <unk> ?
what year was the israel museum established ?
in which century did new mexican missionaries establish a presence in southern united states ?
where does the <unk> lifestyle persist , though in decline ?
what was n't appealed in 2015 ?
john locke , francis bacon , and isaac newton where considered the the greatest men who ever lived by which american colonist ?
how many members are in the supreme court ?
where is the red lion located ?
what does the book of daniel contain ?
comics were quoted as a product of art and what ?
what painting epitomized the female nude ?
after 1945 , what challenged the french empire ?
what did the bbc do ?
what is one characteristic that defines the nature of microbes ?
how much of the moon 's population was effected by eic and it trade by the middle of the 19th century ?
who should be concerned with the trend to under state the effects of climate change ?
what did joseph haas say in his email ?
digital physicists consider what to be less important than matter ?
what talk show did the doctor who performed donda west 's plastic surgery appear on ?
what are copper compounds in liquid form used for ?
who wrote the paper " <unk> among combinatorial problems " in 1974 ?
what <unk> upon knowledge from anthropology ?
what are <unk> missiles better known as ?
where do you find medieval <unk> ?
none of the modern hunter-gatherers depend of which kind of food sources ?
what was a popular club in southwark that started playing dance and house music ?
up until <unk> regimes , what style remained popular in italy ?
what type of access is available ?
who rejected california 's arguments ?
who never fought at the battle of yarmouk ?
what is the largest mansion in the west coast ?
how many legat offices does the fbi operate ?
which half of switzerland is more mountainous ?
which directive mentioned was created in 1994 ?
which chinese broadcaster has premier league rights ?
how much content on youtube comes from outside the us ?
what are two publications avoided by riba publishing ?
what fictional character is based on alexander ellis ?
what is the intended purpose of the " i " component ?
following arthur <unk> 's lectures , what did whitehead publish ?
what term resulted from dioscorides ' book ?
<unk> <unk> became a spokesperson for which brand of soda after seeing beyonce involved with it ?
" scythia this side of the himalayas " is located where ?
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place ?
who wrote the ' war of the worlds ' book ?
who conceptualized the <unk> ?
what are the individual litter <unk> called ?
what trees are protected along the coast of san diego ?
what did <unk> <unk> <unk> write about that became popular ?
insects formed mechanisms to shield against what ?
who proposed the idea to include norfolk island as a british auxiliary settlement in 1786 ?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
ibn sina also wrote all of his works in what other language ?
who defeated the native prussians during the 13 century ?
which building under construction will surpass comcast center ?
president bonaparte was declared what in france ?
who was the sister of mary of <unk> ?
how many bachelor 's degrees did southwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term ?
what is <unk> voice ?
what is antarctica 's ranking among the continents ?
when is the hd version of radar princess slated for launch ?
what do marsupials have that is different from most mammals ?
what is the name of bern 's airport ?
what year was kanye born ?
in what ways was howard similar to anzus ?
how is the income from domestic rights divided between the twenty clubs ?
when was the prime number theorem proven ?
where has transnational policing become more important ?
how much of a <unk> does <unk> eat when it attaches to it ?
<unk> believe in 1938 that mental <unk> could reach how many millions ?
where do colder areas occur within northern europe ?
who argued that emotions do n't come from cognitive <unk> ?
what did boston 's early settlers call the area ?
tumors that are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ?
how many members are n't on the city commission ?
what airport is 96 km from the zone ?
what are the practices of buddhism based on ?
whose biography did burke write ?
what commission merged the national archives with gsa ?
how many people died in the textile factory riots ?
what sailors disliked small chickens ?
what was one of the issues with setting a single hdtv standard ?
what happened to financial assets that made them harder to value ?
what was the reaction of the french people to the <unk> crafted offense in the <unk> dispatch ?
what armed group stopped the uprising at ballarat ?
what program gives incentives to private landowners to protect species on their land ?
what is a statocyst ?
what route does a migrating bird usually follow ?
in what century did important classical music developments occur in normandy ?
what is another name for the color wheel using the subtractive system ?
what does oklahoma have the country 's largest towns of ?
when did violence start in war ?
what type of bulb increases uneven evaporation ?
when did beyonce begin her deals with name brands ?
how long was james madison involved with the federalist party ?
what is the relationship between jesus and the egyptian goddess isis ?
what annual parade takes place on the <unk> each january ?
the <unk> abrams is an example of what ?
what use of unmarked cars is n't controversial ?
chopin often taught his piano technique using what form of music he wrote ?
what is another name for state route 99 ?
what does affirmative action supposedly not aim to do ?
<unk> and what are the only techniques available under standard outputs ?
what was knorr 's presidency marked by the increasing use of ?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ?
how much land is within valencia 's limits ?
it is believed that animals evolved from what ?
what did an established church , even at the state level , have ?
how is hydrogen produced when there is no atmospheric oxygen ?
how many greek cypriots were arrested and executed by the ottoman governor of cyprus ?
how many destinations does bill clinton intercontinental airport serve ?
what team drew more than 13,000 fans per game in 2010 ?
the representative said that inspectors had been show what sort of villages ?
which part of japan had people ranked higher in the class system ?
who started the <unk> movement ?
what is the largest <unk> group in north asia ?
what is the definition of space control according to the us and its allies ?
how much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits ?
the taliban was so similar to other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what ?
what languages use <unk> of the german term " translation " that come from the same latin source ?
what nationality were the settlers from who introduced carnival ?
how many <unk> are there at the abbey ?
how did the construction of the new residential complex at washington university affect the student population ?
what do different <unk> sugars produce ?
when was lawful hunting distinguished from poaching ?
besides thickness , what attribute is used in stating the weight of a <unk> in asia ?
what is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ?
who was the reigning king of the united kingdom until 1871 ?
bishop england high school , <unk> school and a what other school is among charleston 's most prominent private schools ?
who passed the air commerce act ?
these civic ideas allowed what to come into being ?
along with <unk> , <unk> , dominoes and bar <unk> , what is a well-known pub game ?
what was normal british defense ?
how is hunting regulated ?
what year was the treaty of amsterdam rejected by the european union law ?
what was the reception of twilight princess ?
what numbered department of the supreme court is located in brooklyn ?
what duties did edward schnell have ?
why was the ability to play <unk> taken off of windows media player ?
what sort of relationship did gaddafi have with halyna kolotnytska ?
what did comics have in the united states because of sports roots ?
what do hydrides that are bridging <unk> link up ?
what does the airport use to locate an aircraft ?
what does repeatedly putting water into the atmosphere manually allow ?
what famous theatre is located in <unk> palace ?
who replaced lord <unk> the year following his appointment ?
which caused the reform to come into force ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , what may they then do ?
to how many phoneme 's does each <unk> correspond ?
which character <unk> bond ?
which ruler requested a marriage alliance with the han in ad 90 ?
what document in canada has allowed for a prime minister since it was drafted ?
what is the internet service provided through ?
what part of france did the <unk> stone come from ?
when was peirce born ?
alaska 's large rivers have potential for what environmentally friendly type of energy production ?
what is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ?
in the liturgical sequences of the eastern church , who is placed next in prominence after christ ?
what system did the ottomans abolish in favor of the millet system ?
what <unk> are less stable than <unk> ?
who composes music for most of spielberg 's movies ?
what famous event happened in 303 ?
what 's the more appropriate , but mostly unused , name for a printed circuit board when it does n't have embedded components ?
whose study deals with decoding written texts ?
all of his pieces include what instrument ?
what kind of degree do you need to be considered ?
what are the call letters of the national public radio affiliate that broadcasts from ku ?
what type of process was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ?
which year did the price of oil drop to $ 10 per barrel ?
the north <unk> islands are located where ?
which birds did they use as a trial run ?
how many defence medical services are there ?
the setting the mandolin was used in until the 1930 's was ?
who did n't led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
children were employed in the home , factories and were else in the 20th century ?
what was nigeria 's status after independence from the uk ?
which specific fear was a factor in causing world war i ?
from what era is the rigas feraios believed to be a part of ?
in the aquaculture industry what is copper alloys commonly used to make ?
what must be true of coercion through the threat or use of force of a party to treaty for it to invalidate the state 's consent to a treaty ?
what is the name of a state in germany that is not a city-state ?
in what year did the first cinema theater open in greece ?
which year did the inhabitants decide there were too many slaves ?
how many marine bases are located in jacksonville ?
how much was 1 us dollar worth in iranian <unk> in april 2013 ?
where did feynman work on the " <unk> boiler " ?
beidou-1 , along with european galileo systems , use which type of satellites ?
what reform was attempted following the nice treaty ?
what did the norse language gain clarity and <unk> from ?
how many public golf courses does guam currently have ?
in what year was the <unk> ground in bath established ?
how many total <unk> would an mp3 compressed at 128 kbit/s have ?
what is the third largest religious university in the united states ?
what did van <unk> mention about the work of the church ?
what scientific journal in france published a prior analysis of the black death ?
victoria and her mother had differences over her fathers <unk> on who ?
what expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ?
did the people believe they were served well by the fbi ?
when were boxes with " functional " firewire no longer included in the fcc mandate ?
genetic systems are conserved among what ?
how many tourists did greece refuse in 2009 ?
how did most russians die when crossing the <unk> river ?
where was milan resetar born ?
what led sociologist like stuart and raymond to focus on individuals and the organization of destruction ?
what did ghandi decide to use so that everyone would have the same deal ?
what language was spoken in the byzantine empire ?
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what had <unk> and <unk> been up to at the time of the protest ?
what language did gregory of tours write in ?
what did knights of the turntable release in 1984 ?
what do physicians recommend to counteract this potential issue ?
how much of the us 's oil comes from nigeria ?
how many days did people carry the olympic torch before the 2008 summer olympics ?
on a <unk> <unk> usually supplies how much power ?
what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables ?
what have muslims praised hamas for doing ?
along with growth , what kind of factors determine the density of wood ?
who disagreed with <unk> <unk> baron <unk> ?
what does the name ' praca dos tres poderes ' come from ?
when was pope pius ix at a spiritual retreat ?
what battleship sunk in the spain harbor ?
what is an example of when there exists a similarity across the conductors ?
how much british military was in north america at start of war ?
what country has never been involved with unfpa ?
in what year was the south african schools act passed ?
what law <unk> that forces are interactions between bodies ?
to what type of theater is seattle second to new york ?
what does <unk> mean in english ?
the crete ecoregion is known as what ?
what is to be used to guarantee the debtors repayment , by the banks assuming their debt ?
how much co2 emission would a <unk> light bulb produce after 10 hours ?
who was referenced as prime minister in a negative manner when the term was first used in its modern sense ?
who wrote " baseball 's sad lexicon " ?
in what year was the league of american bicyclists founded ?
what gives the ecb the right to <unk> the issuance of euro banknotes ?
how many volumes is historical and critical dictionary ?
when was internet hunting introduced ?
what are plant habitats ?
what courts follow the room and law style found in eurasia ?
the food is passed from the kitchen to where ?
in what month of 2009 did vidzone start paid service to some countries ?
how many years have imperialistic practices existed ?
what complex measurements were defined by " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
what is the foundation of the u.s. federal government ?
who is another prime minister who <unk> the principles of cabinet solidarity ?
what sea plankton doe many sea creatures rely on to live ?
where was copper mostly mined at in the roman era ?
what was later not banned in public education ?
what was the name of the <unk> kg stone that <unk> the <unk> , first held in 1805 ?
what was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for <unk> macs ?
how old was bell when he went to canada ?
what government organization investigated details of this acquisition ?
which motorway located north of southampton links up england 's south coast ?
what conflict resulted from death of jan hus ?
what substance did feynman die from later in life ?
who has the islamic liberation party never attempted to assassinate ?
when was the collegiate school of <unk> colony founded ?
what does the immediate return system mean ?
what style of french music became <unk> in the <unk> 1880s ?
what is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen ?
what era is <unk> similar to ?
what kind of phonemes are soft sounds ?
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ?
what are smaller <unk> birds referred to ?
temperatures rarely go higher than what temperature in the appalachians ?
which party dominated north carolina 's state legislature ?
who maintains a weather station in the city of cork ?
how much is the worth of the british crown estate ?
what agreement gave germany many regions of russia in the first world war ?
deities represent what importance ?
what is a cafs <unk> ?
aspiration <unk> are represented by what ?
what court case desegregated schools in the united states ?
what types of harm can come through network access ?
what are labs trying to produce hydrogen from ?
old forms are typically added that account for what ?
when did <unk> <unk> become prime minister ?
what celebrity asked his fans to vote for sanjaya malakar on american idol ?
what year did indira gandhi international airport win an award for best airport in the world in the <unk> million passenger category ?
who , at the start of the primaries , had the most single campaign contributors ?
does having unprotected sex , multiple sexual partners , and poor communication increase or decrease individual and social risk ?
after world war ii where were germans forced to relocate to ?
hunter-gatherers traveled along <unk> corridors how many years ago ?
in yards , how large is an arena football field ?
when was general macarthur ordered to make a defense plan with australia ?
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ?
when were the first women 's olympic competitions held ?
where is the kuiper belt relative to mars ?
where can one find the most sage scrub in san francisco ?
what languages does <unk> say are similar to armenian ?
what ended with the industrial revolution ?
who hosts its own international music festival every summer ?
what is the largest metropolitan area in florida and the southeast ?
some of what farmers remained neutral during the civil war ?
what is one type of multi-color white led ?
what do angiosperms have in common with gymnosperms ?
which navigational system is regional and consists of five satellites ?
where on the fault is the possibility of future earthquakes increased ?
in 2019 , tajikistan had how many airports ?
what is the natural gas <unk> used to <unk> bitumen ?
who was the first controller of bbc2 ?
what is another term used for white-box testing ?
what founder of pragmatism 's collected papers did charles <unk> ans paul weiss edit ?
who was the residing judge of the lawsuit ?
what was the <unk> song released by kelly clarkson after winning american idol ?
what is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ?
how can you protest against wbai and its policies as an individual ?
when was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov first launched ?
griffith college cork is the only college in ireland where you can study what ?
who expounded the earliest recorded western philosophy of time ?
who provides strong support to nanjing ?
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ?
why would italian americans want to get themselves designated as members of a <unk> group ?
how many women were injured in the demonstration ?
what was the original headline on 22 september 2003 ?
which atlantic writer gave a negative review of spectre ?
what notable carbonates are <unk> water soluble ?
where does the permanent secretary serve as the senior civil servant ?
who are unpopular fiddle player and <unk> <unk> player ?
which entity supports that the right to vote is a hallmark of economic status ?
besides power disruption , what caused telecommunications to be suspended ?
which prestigious prize does the school of architecture at notre dame give out ?
what part of new jersey can be reached from new york by taking the expressway ?
how many <unk> endorsement having candidates lost to <unk> ?
whose rationalism did peirce criticize ?
what is the subordinate standard doctrine to the word of god ?
what worship system is central to hinduism ?
what was tito 's form of communism called ?
a treaty might be considered what if it 's considered unenforceable and void under international law ?
in what years was the boer war fought ?
when did <unk> 's end operating in washington ?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
who thought the senses were less important , aristotle or plato ?
at what age , since 2012 , are women allowed to serve a mission after high school graduation ?
what were the beidou-1 system satellites based on ?
in what city did the 1972 attack on israeli athletes occur ?
who decides if non-muslims attend secular schools or traditional madaris ?
why were the researchers recognized in 1952 ?
what did <unk> traders act as for the trading companies ?
what type of dell media has n't appeared on tv , on the internet , and in magazines ?
where in the united states was the tank battalion located ?
what address did frederic live at during his stay in paris ?
how long does each cycle of birth and destruction of the universe last according to ancient hindu texts ?
what is not an example of a mechanical barrier ?
who said that writing a good description of civil disobedience is hard ?
where does hamas originate ?
what rating system is often used by the motion picture association of america ?
what must happen to plants so they can be mixed with aggregates ?
air defence in pakistan was separated from the army in what year ?
where did the protest march start ?
how many valves did the corliss engine use ?
who shot daphne with a <unk> arrow ?
what was placed on jesus ' head ?
what did ancient china call its police ?
which friend learned from beyonce while preparing for the film , " country strong ? "
when the vocal folds are vibrating , what is produced ?
in what month and year did the war start that resulted in the fall of france ?
how long is the section that turns north ?
asthma that is the result of or made worse by workplace exposure is reported as what ?
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ?
what did <unk> <unk> star in ?
who does the <unk> " die <unk> " belong to ?
what was issac backus ' profession ?
when did studies begin linking mortality to stigma ?
what type of symbiosis seen between <unk> and hermit crabs ?
when does the wet season in the marshalls begin ?
what country has a narrow range of languages ?
what is it called when a pathogen <unk> within the host cells ?
when did the warsaw uprising begin ?
whose philosophy did immanuel kant write against ?
what reduces bits by identifying and eliminating source coding ?
when did madonna appear in the comedy <unk> seeking susan ?
to ensure a minimum density of signal transitions remains in the <unk> , what does usb use ?
which florida city has the biggest population ?
what was a top club for house music in detroit ?
what is the population of <unk> ?
where are dom clans mostly gathered ?
who developed a <unk> method that allowed carbon filaments to be <unk> into shapes ?
who did no one expect to call for a general election ?
how long is the nu-q branch of northwestern scheduled to operate through an agreement in 2016 ?
which canadian inventor helped <unk> <unk> to develop their own process ?
the <unk> use of railways was first used during what war ?
what is the current name of hangzhou ?
why did the cork tramway company stop operations ?
where is south western ambulance service nhs foundation trust headquartered ?
what percent of the desktop share in the u.s. did apple have in 2004 ?
how many people were involved in the baltic chain ?
by 2018 , how many active army members will there be ?
the saint helena pound is at parity with what other currency ?
what is the capital of armenia ?
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ?
juvenile and adult beroe lack what ?
what is the impure silver dollar referred to as ?
in what year did the merger take place ?
what type of process is the oxygen cycle ?
the two degrees of aspiration in english stops are transcribed as what ?
who did the protesters want to resign ?
of what mathematical nature is the prime problem ?
how deep are the clay and sands foundations of houston ?
what was ghandi 's work called ?
how are the leads of an <unk> configured capacitor not arranged ?
how many grand lodges and grand <unk> are unlisted in the clipsas list ?
during what period did rows of unique <unk> houses become the norm ?
what is considered to be the world 's first city ?
what was the death year of john lofting ?
what is ppp ?
besides leibniz , what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools ?
in what state was gary gilmore freed ?
where was dance not popular in southeast asia ?
what do viruses need in order to replicate in the laboratory ?
thomas and others sought to distinguish between what chromosome of jewish priests and that of <unk> ?
how many major riots between blacks and whites occurred in charleston in 1867 ?
which ratio varies because of the structure of woven reinforcements ?
what country has the largest deposits of bitumen ?
in what book does st. augustine reflect on how memory works ?
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone ?
what two things did the <unk> help the contestants with ?
what did the city provide during the great depression ?
where does the dalai lama live in the summer ?
how many books are listed that should be included but were not ?
where were the <unk> active in during the early 20th century ?
what gender has a higher enrollment ?
what is the population of los angeles ?
what did former governing body member raymond franz argue the methods employed by the religion were all elements of ?
what characteristic of middle iranian civilization is shown by the number of different languages and their speakers ?
where do bar-tailed godwits migrate to ?
is there a test to diagnose spirometry ?
what kind of cultures were the hemudu and liangzhu ?
what is the name of the building that the elysian was converted into ?
what did a <unk> professor say about chinese media coverage ?
what law <unk> that forces are interactions between bodies ?
what are , according to the text , murmured for their duration ?
almost all individuals who suffer from type 2 diabetes and/or obesity are found to have which trait ?
in what area does the public sector need employees ?
who feared invasion from eastern europe ?
since when has environmental damage in thuringia been reduced ?
how was one criminal treated when crucified compared to the other ?
what has divided catholics since they have been used in worship ?
what source of geothermal power sits below southampton 's center ?
the piles begin to rot if exposed to what ?
what is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ?
when did <unk> join the swiss confederation ?
whom is the <unk> library named for ?
what is a solar chimney made of ?
compared to the rest of florida , how does jacksonville 's filipino population rank ?
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry ?
what did the german citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii 's words to be ?
what region in florida is not tropical ?
justice secretary jack straw ended the masonic disclosure law on what grounds ?
how many passengers does the most dense rail network in europe carry <unk> ?
what are the neapolitan mandolin not made of ?
how many universities were in pakistan in 2001 ?
what is the modern term " culture " based on ?
when was the house of general studies formed ?
what is the typical <unk> in light bulb design ?
what type of homes is fresno known for ?
what dance music of chopin was written more for <unk> than <unk> ?
what did the development of <unk> change ?
which international balance of power formally created the division between small and great powers ?
what other groups during this period for form minorities ?
how did the public react to the categories of " bi-racial " and " multiracial " ?
what continent covers more than <unk> sq mi ?
what treaty was supposed to stop germany from having antiaircraft weapons ?
what caused the largest immigration of salvadorans ?
what takes three distinct period forms ?
what are the barracks used for ?
for what constituency was nancy <unk> elected ?
what si tuvalu 's tv domain ?
what had the festival not done for the past three years when the statement by cara cusumano was made ?
when was samurai armor last used ?
the english language has stops and affricates distinguished by what ?
what kind of meetings are not offered in mittelschule ?
what percent of <unk> 's land is covered by glaciers ?
why did n't neptune appear to be in it 's exact discover position ?
why do eu institutions and national governments have to respect the independence of the ecb ?
what type of gardens originated in modern times ?
who wrote that baptists referred to themselves as " the christians <unk> <unk> anabaptists ? "
what are five supreme court judgement supporting a claim needed for ?
what does a <unk> do ?
which gospel provides an identical account of the virgin birth as sura 19 in the qur ' an ?
what are more complex animals labeled when they have a jelly-like layer ?
in what year did ian burke become a head of department at eton ?
what is the east-west waterway near nanjing ?
who was the first leader of the <unk> of <unk> ?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for ?
what publishing businesses did goodman sell besides marvel comics ?
when was the first council of nicaea held ?
are minority leadership roles specified closely ?
in what year did the tunnel open ?
what are two national parks located in the mountainous regions ?
who must have been notified of the ignored restrictions placed by a sovereign on his representative prior to the signing of a treaty in order for a state 's consent to be considered invalid ?
in what year was the first printed book in <unk> made ?
what type of sanctions has the us directed at iran ?
who was the leader at the end of the mexican revolution ?
what kind of intervention could be sought to avoid disasters ?
about how many immigrants from bangladesh lived in the city in 2013 ?
what program aired on pbs about neptune ?
scientists compared the dna of the baboon with distorted isotopic data to what ?
what is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ?
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
what is the size of antarctica in square miles ?
what other digital tv service took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ?
what is one type of writing not included in the <unk> definition of literature ?
the times began producing what kind of <unk> product in 1895 ?
handshake packets consist of only a single what ?
what bird 's feathers did debutantes wear in their <unk> ?
who resigned from the freemasons for their lodge to rejoin their grand lodge ?
who was responsible for the lyrics of avenue x ?
what are simply highest quantum mechanical energy state of photons ?
what type of crisis was <unk> from the budget surplus and lowering debt levels of greece ?
what were national guard members considered before 1903 ?
how many people speak german around the world ?
george <unk> references what two musicians when claiming chopin 's nationalism was overrated ?
what type of industrial activity was <unk> in greece in the period researched ?
<unk> firms were allow to trade with india unless ?
where was the formation of the uap party officially announced ?
in the compensation argument , who should supposedly have to make up for past discrimination against whites ?
what made car travel much easier ?
when it comes to translation what is illegally used today ?
what is the immaculate conception a representation of the avoidance of ?
how many weeklies are published in sanskrit ?
what was the estimated population of oklahoma city in 2014
which two philosophers held to subjective idealism ?
what is the head of government 's office called in canada ?
what causeway is closest to the south ?
are <unk> required to express belief in a specific religion ?
why does <unk> sexual orientation on one component cause problems ?
which which kingdoms did the <unk> establish diplomatic relations ?
why did the normans adopt a byzantine art style ?
the <unk> restored significant power to what position ?
when were the last iso standards adopted ?
what are hymns to the theotokos called in orthodox tradition ?
how many students attend southampton solent university ?
who argued against works where the author <unk> to input from others ?
what legendary team does the nba still play against ?
how popular are spanish language classes in the u.s , ?
in what years was upper school built ?
when was the term copy-text introduced ?
what are these districts known as ?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients ?
where is the bronx positioned among nyc boroughs ?
what gave three more seats to the house of representatives in 2010 ?
what is the large island park in detroit ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
what is the fertility rate among non-orthodox jewish families ??
in what was the first catalan book printed on the iberian peninsula ?
what did the supreme court hold the first amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to ?
what population descended from the vlachs ?
what major factor has kept gumbe out of mainstream audiences ?
who was princess <unk> the first wife of ?
how did gaddafi feel about the british officers ?
which organizations list <unk> <unk> as extinct ?
in which city was the stamp officially released ?
for what purpose is oxygen used by animal life ?
which is the only court unable to determine constitutionality ?
what does geometry <unk> seek to achieve ?
what type of charges do conductors release on their facing surfaces ?
how did mikhail gorbachev begin the era of stagnation ?
how many french colonists were lost by british ?
what is at least one german innovation that other countries would later adopt in other wars ?
what percentage of the population of nyc was born in another country ?
whose <unk> did not belong to a macedonian dynasty ?
what country can a phrase rule of law be traced back to the 1600s ?
the design of usb is asymmetrical in what ?
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ?
which island in southeast asia is densely populated ?
when may prednisone also be helpful in spirometry ?
how many copies of donkey kong country were sold in november 1994 ?
what north carolina city is consistently voted one of the top places to live in the united states ?
how long can it take for patents to be approved after initially being filed ?
who did late court cases focus on ?
what did slavic mercenaries colonise ?
what has the cork public museum been declared ?
who was said to have canceled an official trip to china in protest ?
what is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes ?
what are the three integer responses to a decision problem ?
what was the uk governments benefits <unk> checking in 2012 ?
who granted the english east company a character to govern the island ?
when did nigeria receive independence ?
what year did gladstone resign ?
what type of monarchy was cancelled as time went on in victorias rule ?
what platform was sentanta sports planning to avoid launching on ?
which actress decided to not participate on april 15 ?
how many tiers did the ottoman court system adopt ?
what group polled the 27 eu member states in 2000 ?
what two ministers fought for power <unk> anne ?
name the other way that the plowshares organization temporarily closed ?
how was the school able to bring aboard the best <unk> students ?
which room has the infamous balcony forbidden by the royals ?
what is <unk> for binary compounds of zinc ?
who remembered dominic as a <unk> fellow ?
what does the government usually back up 81 % of in case of damage ?
who coordinates the deployment of <unk> aeromedical evacuation ?
what living organisms are bacteria being reffered as ?
luminous efficacy is measure in what unit ?
what is byu 's ranking in colleges with the most freshman merit scholars ?
who continue to debate whether napoleon was an enlightened <unk> , or a <unk> ?
which muslim denominations are the most dominant ?
which people became extinct after the <unk> arrived ?
what kind of church is westminster abbey ?
how many votes did al gore win by ?
what is the aftermath of <unk> errors during intracellular assembly of virus particles ?
in the southern hemisphere , what aspect of dst is about the reverse of that of the northern hemisphere ?
what is not easier to do regarding god ?
which three historians wrote the conclusion that edison 's version was more viable than other early versions ?
who have three major policy responsibilities ?
what event was hosted by atlantic city in 1964 ?
what plants create most electric power ?
what is the name of the <unk> that animals have been placed in by molecular studies ?
what part of the brain is larger in rats compared to the rest of the brain ?
when was arabic script converted to latin ?
what assets are included in nominal wealth ?
why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980 ?
what other parts of the society 's needs did architecture fill ?
what , according to the text , are two examples of " old world " dogs ?
what type of treaty was the lisbon treaty ?
why is travel in kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft ?
in what year did the black death reach the mediterranean ?
which school is the main location for technical education in swaziland ?
how was his discovery <unk> ?
what is the second degree of masonry ?
the immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system ?
what is the least significant way to know christ ?
what did social order mandate be strictly enforced ?
what this is supreme court review ?
who performs the unit testing phase ?
along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act ?
what did translators of this time assume was better than the actual text they were translating ?
how many extended metropolitan areas are there ?
what happens if a royalty is paid to the copyright owner or representative ?
what was the tap room <unk> meant to absorb <unk> and <unk> called ?
what is the penalty in american football for not having the down repeated within 20 seconds ?
what was the last compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot ?
what did nasser pursue for <unk> ?
where does the grand canal of japan end ?
what do some russian dialects do about vowels ?
which florida city has the biggest population ?
what was muslim brotherhood labelled post coup ?
who did <unk> negotiate with ?
how many volumes are contained in the library ?
what kind of hardware support does n't dell provide ?
how often do birds <unk> their feathers ?
what is it called when males return earlier to the breeding sites than females ?
along with fuel sources , what concern has contributed to the development of the advanced steam movement ?
in which historical record does old persian appear in <unk> form ?
what is the greatest penalty that a freemason in iraq could face now ?
what type of fiber does n't form the backbone of the internet ?
who is constructing the indian-made ship ?
what are the roles of <unk> <unk> ?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ?
what year did dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones ?
what station opened trinity orthodox ?
what happened in federalist no. <unk> ?
what does a molecule contain ?
why was n't agriculture successful ?
what are people who study nature called ?
how many galleys were available by the end of 1204 ?
which type of government was more favorable than others according to hayek ?
how many japanese forces were likely to be destroyed ?
what was the genre of bbc japan ?
what can the french parliament cause in order to <unk> the prime minister ?
when did the soviet government begin only speaking fricative ?
in which year did <unk> capture chihuahua ?
programming languages are translated at run time by what ?
from which areas did alaskan supporters face political challenges ?
what does catastrophism believe is still occurring today ?
what are quarks divided into ?
where did the chinese government decide that parents who had lost children could go for free treatment ?
new york city is about half the distance between washington dc and what city ?
what was not a factor in how communities looked at people ?
where did carpet weaving in the empire originate ?
the asante and lunda empires were not in which region ?
what type of grammar were phenomes first a part of ?
how many of the of the twelve great feasts in orthodoxy did mary attend ?
what was the name of the <unk> lead by buddhist monks ?
what makes neptune red ?
how much was the investment in new equipment and capabilities worth ?
by the beginning of 2011 , total renewable power capacity worldwide exceeded what number ?
during what years was cao <unk> alive ?
what kind of game is formula two championship edition ?
who created most of dc 's star characters ?
where on neptune does weather always occur ?
which treaty would be open to only some european states ?
in what geographical region of the united states is new york city located ?
what temperature causes the change of <unk> materials ?
what are the two most considerable sources of renewable energy in portugal ?
the invention of elevators brought with it questions of social <unk> and <unk> , generally referred to as what ?
what is the total coverage of the city with roads , in miles ?
which goddess was worshipped in ephesus before mary ?
what were features of apple talk
how is hydrogen used at power stations ?
which other ferry group works alongside the alaska marine highway to coordinate travel ?
who was monroe 's least influential follower ?
who was the first president of the ecb ?
what do clinical pharmacists not specialize in ?
what does mardi gras translate to in french ?
what was the one ingredient of traditional english ale ?
what can be done when large amounts of lead are added to alloys ?
who is the elder brother of musa <unk> ?
who led the faction that challenged <unk> ?
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone ?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ?
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ?
which interface did famicom use ?
when is the wianki festival held ?
where are the peripheral <unk> nodes ?
to ensure safety of future space missions oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure .
what is the maximum acceptable delay per cable ?
in what part of the country , previously neglected by republican presidential candidates , did eisenhower campaign ?
<unk> previously served as secretary for which group ?
how do modern police often communicate ?
in what year did david <unk> become a labour mp ?
who made the <unk> monument ?
in what form did the first dedicated videoconferencing system appear as ?
nations can be careful about <unk> an agreement a treaty because it has the effect of recognizing that the other side is a what ?
how many reconstructions covered more than 10,000 years ?
recognition from what body may help a dialect to become standardized ?
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut ?
what american idol special received a governors award in 2007 ?
what is something on a car that sometimes is made of alloy ?
what genre of music is james <unk> known for ?
why was california allowed to disable the robots.txt <unk> ?
why would students be turned away from <unk> programmes ?
what number word is spelled the same in english and low german ?
what is a common problem in antibiotic use ?
what is the name of the solar energy research facility in germany ?
when did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ?
why did zeus strike down <unk> with a lightning bolt ?
who preformed labour for the <unk> ?
when did the university of kansas stop issuing degrees in engineering ?
at the time what was the population of new haven harbor ?
what is the july monarchy ?
what did the grand alliance propose as the new standard for sdtv and hdtv ?
when were the first telephone lines installed ?
<unk> iii of poland was also the king of what ?
what are the test cases built around ?
what was the 3rd indiana jones film called ?
what team failed to make it to the <unk> in 2015 ?
gladstone resigned after what was n't <unk> ?
who first grew plants in pots ?
what component of wood is <unk> by bacteria that scientists are still trying to learn about ?
what did lloyd george help people acquire in his earlier profession ?
for crucial values , what type of values do translators use where possible ?
why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1970s ?
in thailand , what branch of government rejected a proposal for senator selection ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
the provincial grand master for north america was base where ?
what was avicenna 's birthplace ?
what character allowed <unk> to draw attention away from sexual exploitation ?
what is so good about ac powered <unk> ?
what device is used to treat various conditions such as carbon monoxide poisoning ?
what action affirmed portugal 's status as a <unk> nation ?
what languages have terms for high mountains derived from <unk> ?
how many <unk> did the lombardi lack ?
where did the normans and byzantines sign the peace treaty ?
when did marvel 's <unk> superhero first appear ?
what do ovary inferior plants use to form new shoots ?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ?
what <unk> were rejected by the empire ?
why is there no difficulty in defining process theology ?
what happens to copper if an electrical current gets too high ?
what year was <unk> airport built ?
what is criminal law ?
what chains typically do n't cater to bargain shoppers ?
what was closed in 2007 because of the <unk> conflict ?
what is used asphalt turned back into ?
which group studied gorillas in 2006-07 ?
when year did prince albert <unk> ?
is there a universally agreed upon definition of cellular obstruction ?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
what kind of pavement was commissioned for in front of the low altar ?
which downtown tower was converted to residential use ?
what were pva troops told to do when planes flew by ?
what made pacinotti 's motor an important advancement ?
what is resistance to antibiotics a cause of ?
what was the population of nanjing in 2010 ?
what name does the government of britian use instead of the british isles ?
what kind of patents were allegedly inherited ?
when was the canada corporations act , part ii repealed ?
who ruled the <unk> dynasty ?
what does narth state is wrong with the mainstream mental <unk> stand on conversion therapy ?
what was the ultimate development of the vertical engine ?
what country did benedictine order nuns thrive ?
who was the first important cyprus painter of modern times ?
during the low volume hours , what can the upper deck function as ?
what did the japanese occupy on september 30 , 1914 ?
what safety factors were done away with beginning with the modifications to the standards ?
what kind of machines have the same adapters ?
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple replacement engines ?
what was the name of the first european who arrived in the new york area ?
during which prehistoric age was the latin language invented ?
royal assent is usually granted less <unk> where ?
what was the first year of the berlin international film festival ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
after a <unk> was moved from jack to the plug , the most stressed part was found where ?
what does <unk> stand for ?
is melbourne known for <unk> or steady weather patterns ?
a detached knot will probably drop out of the wood when someone <unk> it into what ?
which countries never adopted the ' prefecture system ' from china ?
western sichuan is <unk> by what mountain range ?
what were the group of people that king edward vii and queen alexandra avoided called ?
what war was responsible for the creation of the total force policy ?
what can an exhibition game settle ?
what position at dell did kevin <unk> eventually lose ?
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
how can chamber geometry be connected ?
who did the soviet union agree to remain neutral with when they signed a treaty on the 13th of april ?
what year was melbourne officially declared a city ?
when did the age of great english prose translation stop ?
what is the name of the dog to first orbit the earth ?
who challenged the catholic church in the 15th century ?
who learned the game of monopoly and took it to atlantic city ?
in what year did the league of nations shut down ?
do young trees grow more quickly in open stands or in a closed forest ?
what taxonomy took over <unk> 's debated <unk> ?
what position did derby hold ?
how many events occur in an engine cycle ?
what type of chanting is performed without metrical timing ?
how long was phuture 's " acid tracks " ?
where do unwanted windows open in a browser ?
why would one use hydrogen mixed with nitrogen ?
hannibal defeated whom at the battle of cannae ?
what sea opened near africa ?
what communion do most residents of the island belong to ?
the only remaining piece of the <unk> and bailey castle can be seen near what modern southampton street ?
what determines whether a breach automatically <unk> or terminates treaty relations ?
what is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ?
who is originally claimed to have given birth to the concept of nutritionism ?
who never required the benedictine monks to maintain a charity school ?
what period is covered by the 2008 human development report ?
what evidence suggested that humans used animal products for clothing ?
what two things did cubism in the early 19th century form an important link between ?
what stood in for the real hoffler klinik ?
what are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the <unk> gene more likely to achieve ?
how many days did the <unk> after the 2000 us election last for ?
what allowed people to move across beringia to north america ?
what do many scholars regard the late middle ages as the beginning of ?
who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
what methods , applied to the study of chemistry , led to the perception of the middle ages as a time of recession and crisis ?
what was the murder rate in boston in 1990 ?
what conviction motivated eliot to move towards secularization ?
who wrote the making of french ?
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
what was the confederate overall strategy to lose the civil war ?
into what body of water does the hudson river terminate ?
where is the home of the center for <unk> and surface science ?
what else can a little person do in the match ?
who follows the <unk> <unk> faith ?
in what way did volunteers hang zugibe during the experiments ?
how does a filament size not relate to voltage level ?
standard german is part of what germanic language ?
what 1996 <unk> film set a box office record ?
what trees are typically found in the <unk> portions ?
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ?
how many lanes make up the chengdu expressway ?
what texts were legislated by the <unk> and <unk> ?
who did a us drone kill in sep 2009 ?
in what borough did the occupy wall street protests take place ?
where did <unk> indians raid
where did napoleon bonaparte stay until he found permanent residence ?
bermuda 's coral reefs , <unk> , and shallow waters are great for what activity in particular ?
lots of tumor cells have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface ?
what material is the lute 's strings made of ?
when did herve go up against the turks ?
in what year was the douglas company founded ?
what is a professional called at a restaurant who advises customers about beer and food pairs ?
aspiration of stops is seen as voiceless velar airflow in some languages , such as what ?
most of the forts in st. barts are now all what ?
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ?
relativity says that what is not interchangeable ?
what year was the <unk> n. <unk> bridge destroyed ?
what did nasser suppress as a result ?
what did gaudet mater ecclesia work on that day ?
what language did chopin 's father teach ?
what title did <unk> <unk> <unk> carry ?
who do shia muslims believe can approach quranic truths besides god and muhammad ?
what disappeared during the archaic period ?
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of ?
what is a common use for paper ?
<unk> is an abbreviation of what ?
what was apple talk
when did the university of oklahoma 's dance program begin ?
what decade did madonna 's music hit the mainstream in the us ?
what is the translation of siebengebirge ?
when was the russian policy " indigenization " defunded ?
what did parents accuse builders of doing ?
what musical genre had limited variety of musical innovations ?
what year did diego order his followers into an institutional life ?
what sort of synthesis occurs when the rna molecules are the actual functional products ?
who wrote the <unk> of tone as a physiological basis for the theory of music ?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
how close do incandescent lamps come to pure <unk> <unk> ?
what style of music did drum parrish play ?
how many unfinished pieces did julian fontana make into eight more opus numbers ?
what is included in the elevator 's design ?
if a distinct trait in <unk> pea plants is mathematically described as a <unk> combination , what does n represent ?
how does short term memory encode information ?
around how long did it take napoleon to push austria out of italy in his first experiences there ?
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing ?
avenue or <unk> is the literal meaning of what spanish word ?
what <unk> was the creator of the <unk> <unk> from ?
who used only parts of avicenna 's works to reject their own great spiritual insights ?
what language branch did catalan share a history with ?
what prize did to kill a mockingbird win ?
who accepted the japanese surrender ?
what legends show the importance of the proprietary view of game as held by the nobles ?
in what year did <unk> whitlam become prime minister of australia ?
what form of car parade is held in houston ?
what was one of the norman 's major exports ?
what fraction of michigan 's homicides occurred in detroit ?
what did margaret <unk> advocate for ?
which organization successfully argued for the tibetan script ?
with which crowd did the 45 rpm gain popularity ?
what island was ranked as the most dangerous in europe ?
what program allowed users to exchange ipod <unk> which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models ?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
how long did the earthquake last ?
how many books does the bibliotheque nationale de france hold ?
what arabic and persian poetry dates to the 700 's ?
what are the biggest sports draws in cork ?
where was otzi the iceman discovered ?
what did pope st. gregory call all jewish teachings ?
what rebellion began in january of 2012 ?
what literary events were believed to not be a fact of truth ?
who was the leader of pontus in the year 85 bc ?
when did jurassic park come out ?
where did chinese men take white <unk> ?
what is another word for <unk> rocks in french ?
in what year did father linckens first travel to the marshalls ?
what do building inspectors do about utility lines ?
how often does the sahara go without rainfall ?
when did the united states honduras become <unk> ?
in what year was the first image of the virgin theotokos with christ found ?
which culture adapted the use of mosaics for large ground <unk> in their villas ?
what <unk> do groups use ?
who was <unk> of <unk> for the rhine rift earthquake ?
in what century was the santa monica bay community established ?
what scholar lived from the 9th to the 10th century ?
how many huguenots lived in west <unk> in <unk> ?
who 's work is widely excepted among <unk> today ?
what did the three regions of <unk> , schwyz , and <unk> become known as ?
what was developed in the summer of 1961 ?
what have many ht members graduated to joining ?
along with chicken , what food was included in " chicken in a basket " ?
what types of measures do computer security firms rarely use today ?
when was mexico city officially founded by the spanish ?
prior to the expansion of the service sector , what sector was the largest employer in new delhi ?
what do a and b represent in a rational prime expression ?
when did greece start using the euro as its currency ?
what opened in 2012 ?
which service contains 10 hd channels and finished its roll out in october 2012 ?
what caused general ridgway to initiate operation roundup ?
i what was the name of the american team that played in canada ?
which automobile magazines are based from ann arbor ?
who directed the film <unk> and a day ?
when was the town of kingsbridge created ?
what group of people did the aapf claim affirmative action created ?
what privilege was granted to companies on a national level ?
how many equity theaters does seattle have ?
the bank of america tower was previously known as what ?
which computer company sold ipods from 2004-05 as part of a license agreement with apple ?
the football league operated for 105 years with how many divisions ?
what did children roll in a factory ?
what type of signal do immunoassays absorb ?
which public discussions had <unk> appeal ?
where do many <unk> live ?
in june 1989 who was nintendo of america 's vice president of marketing ?
what opened the era of germany ?
what principle states no lower court will enforce an unconstitutional statue ?
according to gray , what should have falsified einstein and darwin 's theories when first proposed ?
how many actual people were used for the opening sequence of spectre ?
what is the profession of jake rosenfield ?
who did victoria marry ?
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ?
when was opec production of oil being surpassed ?
in what country was the oklo mine not located
what emerging economies did the u.s. borrow money from between 1996 and 2004 to finance its imports ?
what does yoga mean ?
what is it about the mine that is unusual ?
what word was <unk> from arabic ?
what was the nickname that was used for the bundy manufacturing company ?
what company was found to be violating apple 's labor policies ?
what 1979 comedy film featured schwarzenegger , <unk> douglas , and <unk> ?
the memorial chapel of the <unk> of the raf has a window for what ?
jews from what nation chartered the rms queen elizabeth 2 ?
universal 's deal with what company ended in 2013 ?
a good deal of technical and financial direction for the upstream came from what entity ?
what was the result of early law on offline liability ?
how was the relational model able to degrade over time ?
the king <unk> from doing what during the war ?
what happened to prussia 's subdivision of government ?
where was aetius from ?
some elements of the brotherhood did not direct what action against the government ?
who signed a peace treaty in <unk> ce ?
which country acquired louisiana from france ?
how many of the people who live in houston were foreign born ?
why does the main street station only receive rail traffic from newport news and williamsburg ?
who released cartridges in mainland europe ?
quantum field theory determines what is not the main substance ?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 ?
how many acres of land could succesfully be <unk> with a seed box in a day ?
what was the name of the room that the first exhibition of cubists took place ?
how many cantons were there between <unk> to <unk> ?
what word means polytechnic school in finnish ?
what country is bordered by cameroon to the north ?
who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ?
what is the length of military service required of men ?
where did the dalai lama 's government flee to during the 1959 tibetan rebellion ?
what type of gender did old english nouns possess ?
what does <unk> affect instead of the alveoli ?
how did the sun feel about the poll tax ?
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
what would it guarantee for harvard if they attracted wealthy students ?
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
when was the madaba map rediscovered ?
when did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ?
what is the name of the range where <unk> plateau begins ?
where did the pennsylvania railroad have their first station ?
what groups of organisms are closely related to each other ?
what is <unk> around bad or weak debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ecb known as ?
how many permanent tibetan people live in eastern <unk> ?
how far was the relay route in kilometers in the middle east ?
when was al-qarawiyin university founded ?
what is true of all languages ' field parameters ?
what is not a well-known lake of hangzhou ?
what anthropologists are also university alumni members ?
what was extensively used to pass information to aid rescue and recovery efforts ?
what percentage of richmond was destroyed by fire after the confederate evacuation ?
time use is always changing with long periods of what ?
what did the magnates do to the <unk> realms ?
where can you buy <unk> content for the psp and ps3 ?
what was the most important of these cities or towns ?
when was john seller 's atlas <unk> ?
what did applicants now take that many of them found <unk> ?
in what year was a study of high definition television systems released ?
what is grown in <unk> on the island ?
who studied rage and <unk> cycles in married couples ?
what office administers the electoral college ?
which mandarin term means christian ?
how is valencian classified ?
what denominations are considered to be wealthier than most other groups ?
the <unk> during development is known as what ?
what people were semitic <unk> ?
what allows extensive <unk> to occur ?
what group heads up the global plan to stop tuberculosis ?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the <unk> ideas of the extremists ?
who was the leader of the scottish reformation ?
what animals are more sensitive to reduction in habitat area ?
where does the isle of man football team play home games ?
what was the doctrine called that allowed the three branches of government to check the powers of each other ?
because of this , what is ancient standard german distinguished from ?
what is an example of domestic style ?
the canadian armed forces were initially organized under what department ?
what follows the preamble in a treaty ?
what plays a vital role in <unk> floral and faunal species ?
what rule against proprietary trading was not part of legislation passed by either the senate or house ?
did the british protect burma as its colony during wwii ?
when did the peloponnese appear on byzantine borders ?
what does the qiantang river flow past ?
how did <unk> give rise to pop ?
when did kodak stop using variations of sensitivity ?
what year did the <unk> get destroyed ?
what season is characterized as long in charleston ?
what does the magma chamber evolution explain ?
what did austria-hungary use pan-slavism for ?
what is the congregation that is located in the heart of <unk> street called ?
what do scholars say the preaspirated [ p t k ] are too ?
what do we avoid <unk> by doing the time shift during days most people do n't work ?
the international deal between the us , other countries , and what controversial nation is not a treaty ?
with what team do the <unk> share century link field ?
what use of lower value bills prompted nixon to halt the use of said bills ?
who developed the technology for the digital cinema projection ?
what <unk> the bedrock ?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ?
the average contractor hired how many employees ?
when a <unk> species is lost another species might become ?
who were the <unk> headed by ?
which type of light bulbs is considered most cost effective and robust ?
what risk is <unk> when the ecb purchases bonds from weaker states ?
what kind of societies rely on solar time and daylight that changes with the seasons ?
who killed 70 christians ?
to what does <unk> casas translate in english ?
in what year did mary <unk> become the irish president ?
what <unk> shrub is san diego known for ?
what was the total value of cargo on the ganj-i-sawai ?
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ?
what discovery solved the problem of continuous rotation ?
who crossed nepal before heading to tibet in <unk> ?
the ottoman empire eventually lost control of what region ?
what are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
what dialects of the northern group are spoken on the <unk> <unk> ?
did de melo impose strict laws only on one class of people ?
the lord mayor 's show occurs annually in what month ?
who occasionally discusses a scottish team joining the premier league ?
during what era did <unk> distribution begin to tail off markedly for marvel ?
what 19th century author associated his works with humanism ?
sanskrit is a standardized dialect of which language ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
who burned every copy of the book humanism : a new religion ?
what is kerry 's older sibling 's name ?
<unk> zion churches were last established in what part of america ?
when did the omb change federal regulations of racial categories to bar multiple responses ?
how many members did the mobile <unk> hunters often have ?
who distributes cbs records material ?
when did france take control of algeria ?
the hotel that sold for the most money in 2014 was which in nyc ?
what conductive metal are the lands on a circuit board made out of ?
who won several award for his monroe influenced music ?
which section of the quran inspires all muslims to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy ?
what program handled " essential aliens " that did not fall under normal immigration policies ?
who first introduced social insurance programs ?
how many people can sit in college chapel ?
what was the name of the 1997 movie depicting the relationship between victoria and john brown ?
what has stopped controversy ?
what did kant <unk> nietzsche for ?
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords ?
according to the action tendency model , the similar approach is described as unmoving with what ?
what celebrity <unk> in controversy did kanye endorse in a 2016 <unk> ?
what moral position does shelby steele hold ?
which book by edward said portrayed the east as being the " others ? "
what is the west end of 181st street called ?
where was madame <unk> ?
what was first recorded in the 26th century bc .
who do students never blame for their education short <unk> ?
what are two types of narrative structure in literature ?
<unk> <unk> was friends with which of hayek 's <unk> ?
what was kmj originally known as ?
how did disco eye-cued system benefit djs ?
what book by ibn tufail did not discuss materialism ?
what is the estonian back-transliteration from <unk> britannica ?
on what television channel can the show turn be seen ?
the <unk> usually tried to avoid which animal ?
what was the highest rank a robot could be in the eic army ?
what newer artillery were prussians using ?
why is the sumerian language usually thought of as a language isolate in linguistics ?
what is awarded to architects who contribute to <unk> classical architecture ?
which area in the city is composed mostly of <unk> story buildings ?
what will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ?
who was the only host of american idol after season one ?
which branch of freemasonry does not allow a belief in a supreme being ?
how many years did cyprus face of economic decline ?
cydippid are typically what shape ?
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
who started producing comic strips and theories about them in 1827 ?
how many offices have been established in texas by foreign governments ?
who was represented as a dragon ?
what is the name of the times ' atlas ?
what method is used to test components under unexpected <unk> ?
what is portugal the world 's leading producer of ?
how many vacuum tubes did the <unk> computer use ?
under what immediate jurisdiction of the catholic church does new haven fall ?
which part of the immune system protects the brain ?
who discovered mevastatin ?
after the great fire of 1835 , what became the most widespread building materials ?
how many excited states does <unk> have ?
what did mitsubishi rename its forte to ?
what were protestant 's contributions to the united state economic life ?
what aspects of buildings did science and engineering have an effect on ?
what did the <unk> target with violence and terrorism at the polls ?
what is note worthy about the bird population of burma ?
what age are the players in the senior leagues ?
what year was the iihf ice hockey world championship held in bern ?
how many boroughs had high ( not very high ) hdi scores ?
what focuses on <unk> pathways ?
who <unk> an envoy of khagan bayan i ?
dogs show less fear and what as opposed to wolves ?
the business community results in what ?
what phrase is used to describe the period marked by nation states ?
what did the borders of the empire do before the umayyad reign ?
where does catalan get its vowel system ?
who sent armies across the <unk> river ?
who owns and operates brigham university ?
who passed symbolic <unk> against the patriot act ?
who gained control of the ionian islands in 1809 ?
how is <unk> often shown as hunting from ?
how many licenses did microsoft sell in the first six months ?
in what year did sweet adelines become a german organization ?
where does the ijssel branch flow ?
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
what kind of built-in tuner will allow a cable-ready tv to display hd content without an external box ?
what act defines the caf ?
what is the schedule of time called when it is not daylight savings time ?
who became king in 1643 ?
where is guinea-bissau located ?
what movement is the stonewall inn most famously associated with ?
which country attributes over 80 percent of its music sales to physical formats ?
<unk> entertainment acquired which publishing arm ?
what is the highest court in the judicial order ?
when did <unk> the great found the achaemenid empire ?
how many times did barcelona win the pyrenees cup ?
what is an example of a country that the exemption was n't assumed ?
what year did estonia fail at getting independence ?
what does development testing look to eliminate ?
what was the official language of sicily until the 15th century ?
what latin phrase did kant coin ?
according to the first scenario projected by the <unk> , how soon could melbourne overtake sydney 's population level ?
how many of congress ' 29 vetoes did johnson override ?
the chengdu hi-tech industrial development zone is what rank of 53 in china terms of comprehensive strength ?
what method was introduced in december 2015 to reduce new delhi 's air pollution ?
what is intelligence at 53 more closely related to ?
who instructed the king to only <unk> hands with whites in south africa ?
in what year were big changes made to the ansi ?
christians are the majority in how many countries and territories in the world today ?
what is god 's role in the creation of the world ?
what does the san <unk> valley railroad cross with ?
what can not be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system ?
who was the last archaemenid emperor at the time of its defeat by alexander the great ?
what is the name of the new act that governs norfolk island , passed in 2016 ?
how are the indigenous people most commonly referred to by citizens of the u.s. ?
where do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ?
which industry is galicia 's main money maker ?
name two arts of the four arts ?
which market in melbourne remained strong during the <unk> financial crisis and resulted in historically high property prices and rent increases ?
during which time did a british party make the first scientific expedition to tristan da cunha ?
post world war ii , in what role did von neumann work ?
the interracial couples in liberia result in what ?
besides farmers , what other group of people set their schedules by the sun ?
which two reigning monarchs had funerals at the abbey ?
what body handles waste management in plymouth ?
what did the media air to show lehrer 's <unk> with kerry ?
during what period were the oceans widespread and deep ?
what can customers do with their phones besides money transfers and banking activities ?
instead of the public , what did some religious rites only require ?
what is a closely related tongue to hebrew ?
what is another name for a gun placed in position ?
what famous artist later further investigated philo 's experiments ?
what does cansofcom stand for ?
what date was a coup d'etat carried out in cyprus ?
which country did britain ally with in 1904 ?
what country does khalifah serve for as prime minister ?
what followed the collapse of imperial tibet ?
what happened on january 1st 1901 ?
how much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves , in millions of tonnes ?
what century was the oldest known mosaic at the church discovered in 1990 ?
who first discovered coal in the southern hemisphere ?
the cambrian era covers what time period ?
what was the former name of the <unk> ocean race ?
which company 's failure had a <unk> effect on the first world war ?
when was al-banna assassinated ?
who encourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film ?
how many shrines exist in the potala palace ?
what are two examples of groups that allow you to obtain copies of protected works ?
what was the youngest age of a child working in a factory ?
what team was awarded by <unk> for having a good relationship ?
who stated that god was difficult both to prove or disprove ?
what was john shakespeare 's profession ?
what happened in 1754 ?
who argues that there are lots of supernatural things in the world ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
what year did building begin of fort amsterdam on manhattan island ?
what style of architecture came after the gothic style ?
what is the name of the historical site that site next to yale 's campus ?
in what year did world war ii start ?
what forms of drama combine with music and motion ?
what is the maximum amount of players allowed ?
how many <unk> does galicia consist of ?
why was every nachlass left behind after whitehead 's death ?
who considered their land on the continent their most important holding ?
what are catalan and valencian the names for ?
how many native news correspondents are there in asmara ?
how is san diego able to offer everything from tidal marsh to canyons ?
what company purchased the <unk> center in 2006 ?
what does the healthcare advocates respect ?
the development of estonian national identity was accompanied with what era ?
what is controlled by the pilot ?
what began the influx of japanese department stores ?
in what season did arsenal win their first league and fa cup double ?
how long did the thuringian realm decay ?
who created the ge <unk> font ?
what is recommended by the who for malnutrition and diarrhea ?
who is jim walter ?
who destroyed the chapel at <unk> college , oxford ?
who signed the treaty of <unk> ?
what ranking in the world does greater boston metro hold as far as economy ?
how did lord <unk> fare as prime minister ?
eastern armenian has a two-way distinction between what ?
how many art galleries are in mexico city ?
what is the range of accuracy for the licensed service used by chinese government and military ?
what population figure needs to be passed to add at large council members ?
in what year were <unk> standards set ?
how many tourists visited the smoky mountains and blue ridge parkway in 2013 ?
what 1930 film starred james stewart ?
who came up with the dialect test ?
after what process is the hopped yeast cooled ?
what are alloys of zinc mixed with steel and copper marketed as ?
who expanded the single reeds role ?
in what year did paris host the world cup ?
what is another name for the collections of other catholic churches led by the supreme <unk> ?
how many pupils lived in another municipality ?
are living houses and <unk> seperate or <unk> ?
which country has nigerians sending the most money home ?
how many federal reserve banks exist in the united states ?
what kind of milk has been replaced with coconut milk on tuvalu ?
who coined the term advaita ?
how many vineyards are located in the " the romantic rhine " ?
how was the puerto rican constitution brought about ?
are antibiotics used in diarrhea instances ?
what is <unk> ?
what did spielberg win for schindler 's list ?
when did the parliament vote in favor of an investigation ?
what did some software do to the digital equipment corporation ?
whose government did vieira topple in 1980 ?
of what was vesta the goddess ?
ascii specifies correspondence between what ?
under whos ' reign did the szlachta gain institutional privileges ?
what material was initial arab translations rarely focused on ?
what agency investigates the smallest range of crimes ?
what word describes san diego county due to the many birds residing there ?
what is the longest standing alliance in the world ?
what is the only metal used in american currency ?
what fell in october 2001 ?
what type of edition does a textual critic usually analyze ?
what <unk> nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy ?
when did armenia and turkey initiate an attempt to reopen their border ?
what will larger predators do when they see mobbing taking place ?
what major tennis event take place annually every august in new haven ?
when does the bingley arms claim to have been founded ?
what was the first husband of <unk> kennedy known for ?
who promulgated the code of canons for the western churches ?
a study completed in what year found that nearly all of alaska 's native languages are at risk of becoming extinct ?
on what side of the river is <unk> <unk> ?
what is the exclusive goal of the developing world trust ?
what did whitehead publish numerous articles about ?
what is so unknown about this period ?
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for <unk> purchasing power ?
what truck feature is occasionally used to keep asphalt warm ?
what language is hokkien <unk> related to ?
what year did princess charlotte of wales get sick ?
in which season were contestants first allowed to use musical instruments ?
the term " southern " california usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state ?
what is vertical ground reaction force ?
what other plant was used in the discovery of different genes ?
how did the good friday earthquake compare to the 1989 san francisco earthquake ?
how much of the population of honduras is of <unk> indigenous descent ?
which games does armenia hold ?
how many seasons of football has chelsea played ?
what producer was the first to produce deep sound ?
what is an example of when there exists a potential difference across the conductors ?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
what would a population have to somewhat be to be considered a subspecies ?
how much does gas cost in alaska , in comparison to the national average ?
during which decade was italy <unk> ?
which group uses european regions as a metric ?
what animals live at the south pole all year ?
who was queen victoria 's successor ?
what is injected in small amounts into the soft tissue between vertebrae to produce local pain ?
the journals were a source of knowledge derived from what topics ?
in what year did martin luther challenge the catholic church ?
dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system ?
what are some other terms for the gothic style buildings in the new campus at yale ?
what are the main arenas for lucha libre ?
what size of disease populations are subject to the orphan drug act ?
what is the <unk> language developed by ashkenazi jews who migrated to central europe ?
what type of heat transmission can propagate through a vacuum ?
what is one of the areas of operation that space control serves to protect ?
what occupation did hayek 's grandfather 's have ?
who was taken to the hospital after the top nine show ?
what is the main component of the aboral organ ?
what operating system is used on wayback machine 's servers ?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ?
what caused the greeks to expand their <unk> trade in the <unk> <unk> ?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ?
what two marvel characters were part of that campus heroes section ?
in what city is the george inn located ?
how many troops made it back to the kpa lines after retreating ?
what resource does iran have the largest supply of in the world ?
what is the avl standard based on ?
what prussian system was superior to the french example ?
which year did the ussr cancel the <unk> rocket program after two failures that did n't launch ?
what chemical for converting sunlight is found in emeralds ?
what can be explored in <unk> m of water ?
what radio stations can they never be heard on ?
what was <unk> named as for the teletype ?
what was invented in 1888 that revolutionized warfare ?
how can function problems typically be restated ?
when does the styx chamber date to ?
what began replacing hunting-gathering at the end of the mesolithic period ?
how many schools is n't yale composed of ?
why does the catholic church approve of the freemasons so strongly ?
whose troops threatened <unk> in valencia ?
which war was the cannon used in prior to this event ?
what type of <unk> was introduced during this period ?
which two topics did bush remain <unk> on , during his campaign ?
along with mood , temperament , disposition and motivation , what is emotion often tied to ?
what was n't the initial purpose of the bittorrent protocol ?
which tribe ran the city of nri ?
what branch of government can determine what acts it writes ?
what entity was responsible for gorbachev 's being elected ?
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ?
where is the village of <unk> located ?
why did harvard end its early admission program ?
who was known for is attacks on evolutionist on religious grounds ?
who wrote war on the floor : an average guy plays in the arena football league and lives to write about it ?
what is the name of the observatory built in <unk> place by maharaja <unk> singh ii of jaipur ?
when can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
what did postwar coverage consist of ?
what is shell 's primary business ?
when was the <unk> revolution ?
what kinds of groups around the world can benefit from the community tool box ?
who had not helped the party to become established ?
in what year was a new interdisciplinary management program launched at ku 's school of business ?
in 2009 barcelona became the first team to win six of six competitions in what span of time ?
what is investigated in cognitive science ?
who ruled armenia in <unk> bc ?
when was ethiopia founded ?
out of the <unk> square miles , how much of it is water ?
what is the third strict <unk> on sexual misconduct ?
when did the itu announce that it had embraced micro-usb as the universal charging solution ?
what persian king wanted tribute from the tribes of northern india ?
when mexico one of the worst cities in terms of pollution ?
what was the first available <unk> ?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ?
the referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly succeeded in what year ?
apple was involved in a lawsuit with which company in 2007 ?
ibrahim pasha landed with his army when ?
what is a television show from australia that was shown on the bbc ?
where did tito travel in 1977 to reconcile with chinese leadership ?
which group has permanent leaders ?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one ?
what type of action , either direct or indirect , of a state 's representative by another type of party to a treaty can invalidate a state 's consent ?
what is the name of the only highway tunnel in connecticut ?
what decreased in number between 1948 and 1991 ?
what instrument became widely popular in the middle class in the 19th century ?
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
what was darrell davis ' nickname ?
when will the australian migration system replace norfolk island 's immigration policies ?
who joined the crown tribunal eventually ?
what russian word is used for comics ?
sea levels fell during what time period that spanned from <unk> million to <unk> million years ago ?
instead of " german , " what word used to refer to the language of the country of germany ?
browlee also applies that civil disobedience is okay regarding ?
economic distortion is created by corruption in the public sector by <unk> what into capital projects ?
what us state prohibits the death penalty in its constitution ?
along with coconut grove and coral way , what is notably <unk> in southern miami ?
how many southampton residents were claiming job seeker 's allowance in march , 2007 ?
what must happen before the supreme court will reverse a decision by a lower court refusing to uphold a constitutional law ?
in what year did <unk> compile data in nine market segments ?
when was buddha alive ?
what does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ?
what have scientist began to test due to the fact that <unk> results in sexual differences ?
for every 100 females age 18 and over , how many males were there ?
in what year was the school formed ?
in what year did the cold war begin ?
why did the committee debate adding a shift function ?
harold winston 's supported which country 's during its six day war ?
what kind of play is now for <unk> rights only
what object did duchamp select in 1914 as a <unk> by itself ?
what did watt add to newcomen 's engine between 1763 and 1775 ?
what did <unk> units provide for the company ?
what job was spielberg offered when he was a student ?
what replaced windows 9 ?
what kind of diversity is found in modern english ?
what can be described as the group of symmetries of an <unk> triangle ?
in what year did the first huguenots arrive in the british colonies ?
what is the concentration of plutonium in sea water ?
in what year did england stop using blue away kits ?
when was manchukuo created ?
how long is the section of the rhine near chur ?
in terms of schools how old is it historically compare to others ?
what face buttons do snes controllers have that nes controllers did n't ?
what has the court required to be more accessible ?
where was the dome of the rock built ?
what does the <unk> recommend for dogs who are not used for breeding purposes ?
what year did portugal invade the recently liberated territory ?
what was the name of the period before the heian era ?
name the other two important ming generals ?
who is a taiwanese politician ?
what was the name of watt 's partner ?
who founded mckinsey & company ?
what does a <unk> do ?
how many health professionals in total did namibia have in 2002 ?
what did the fbi 's new director want ?
in what year was the national review founded ?
what would be an example of mild <unk> ?
when was the deportation of acadians ?
a collection of miners , maps and mining equipment all belonged to what entity ?
what is the court banned from according to the principle of the <unk> ?
what was bundled with internet explorer ?
there is growing interest in what indigenous group in the amazon ?
what is catalan verbal inflection ?
what was whitehead 's first unpublished book on mathematics ?
what gives neptune it 's blue hue ?
how did the windows 9.1 upgrade enhance desktop startup ?
what mountain is in the east are of nanjing ?
what document formed the parliament of " entrenched " provisions ?
how many miles away was ozawa 's fleet located ?
which science is the proportional nature of the planck constant fact ?
what is the lowest numbered a paper that is uncommonly used at home ?
what convention recognizes russian in georgia ?
in what month and year was it decided to suspend the 2009 arena football league season ?
what can pathogenes cause ?
what vessel was attacked in 1845 ?
who disagreed with the aesthetic of brutalism ?
what have the various models been of ?
when did writers for sounds first mention " post punk " ?
who had a majority interest in <unk> island in 1919 ?
when is tucson 's city council general election ?
what do most web browser comparisons support ?
who performed mostly violent actions ?
what did renaissance humanism place an emphasis on ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate ?
article iv , section three allows congress to do what ?
when did a boat arrive at the island with damage during a race ?
what do surface mount packages lack that allows their use on the surface of printed circuit boards ?
who created the siku quanshu ?
what did pedro <unk> call st john 's in the 15th century ?
on neptune , which clouds cast shadows on the cloud deck below it ?
what song was not included in the 1968 debut album <unk> <unk> ?
what are xenoliths made out of ?
which estonian poet 's works were printed from 1810 to 1820 ?
who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief ?
what type of plant is <unk> ?
how much was elizabeth worth as of 2014 ?
who was minister of foreign affairs prior to <unk> ?
in what year did the slavic and finnic tribes rebel <unk> the varangians ?
the committees in scottish parliament are weaker then in other systems why ?
what types of events are related in the quran in support of its moral teachings ?
what journal was founded in 2008 that features articles by professors and law students ?
when did the bank close the new headquarters ?
what used to be known as red hat ?
what has a v shape after a glacier <unk> ?
what is one role that the friars served as to the nuns ?
what contains <unk> rules for buddhist monks and nuns ?
why might a physician never diagnose a large number of conditions ?
what did the works council directive require ?
what company are contestants required to sign a contract with on american idol ?
besides buying from the american plantations , where else in the western hemisphere did india buy cotton ?
<unk> <unk> is which type of mammal ?
how did humans cause the <unk> of the sahara ?
which single in the album made it to the uk number one ?
what school principal strengthened his school ?
how much does a safari hunter spend compared to an average ecotourist ?
the byzantine began taking back territories during the last of what century ?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
why did medical professionals advise using an anaesthetic during childbirth ?
who is appointed by the president and approved by the legislature in taiwan ?
what is <unk> <unk> ?
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ?
what percentage of people did the government claim did not vote ?
what charge is just as common in modern times ?
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ?
what form of government is responsible for the municipality of new delhi ?
what dietary deficiency was found to be less effective in reducing diarrhea incidence ?
what time period was the <unk> farm site dated ?
which group was not accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide ?
where does the rhine empty ?
which scientific text calls itself a book of guidance ?
what day was the first victory the raf had with airborne radar ?
which government put an emphasis in supporting free film ?
when was the season finale of idol ?
in what foreign country did dell open plants in 1996 ?
in what year did the shift in gold standard occur ?
were children able to take on <unk> ?
where did " moors " migrate from ?
what desert is tucson in ?
how many polychaete political parties are there ?
on which run did bell 's metal <unk> give a small indication ?
what types of <unk> development did melbourne policies promote ?
according to a <unk> report , what is an example of what most of its riders lack ?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
name one other country without defined national or regional target ?
who was not a mystical theologian ?
what was the name of the memorandum that allowed german teaching in alsace schools to become more official ?
who must consent to the use of royal <unk> ?
in a condenser engine , what does air pressure push against ?
when did the suspension of german teaching in schools happen ?
what is resistance to genes a cause of ?
when did armenia reach it 's peak ?
at what altitude does snowfall begin in november ?
how old was mary when she met joseph ?
what street did frederic 's family move to after the death of his youngest sister ?
how many rooms does the <unk> montevideo have ?
what is a sign of flaws in the evidence ?
how many <unk> zones do people consider the nigerian states to be in ?
what did changing the status of the abbey create ?
when did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ?
do cfls consume more , less , or the same amount of energy as incandescent bulbs ?
in what year did videos first become available on itunes ?
what is the opposite of atomism ?
what year were the lacquer doors brought from brighton ?
what compression is usually performed with even more <unk> ?
which court publishes legal notices ?
which piece of legislation was ended in 1969 ?
what early marvel character may have been <unk> as a female counterpoint to captain america ?
sme is the world 's third largest recorded what ?
what was stated in the press conference ?
in which verbs in czech is the action the verb describes still ongoing ?
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ?
who did avicenna 's metaphysics works have no influence on ?
why did the need for bermuda 's salt <unk> ?
what era saw an increase in permanent crop fields ?
between what species do usually transduction , conjugation and transformation take place ?
what action was taken to address price controls ?
when did zhu shijie die ?
which region of iraq do the shi'a live in ?
which developer began releasing games for both nes and sega in 1991 ?
along with titanium , what element often makes up the portion of high-density <unk> not made of depleted uranium ?
what federal law did the united states pass in 1997 , in response to the lamacchia loophole ?
what indicated dogs and gray wolves developed as two monophyletic clades ?
what revolutionary war midnight rider was a huguenot descendant ?
a decrease in greenhouse gases may lead to a complete loss of what ?
who produced the film three smart girls ?
what does not persist in some way ?
what is another word for rock composition ?
at what <unk> does the <unk> circulation <unk> <unk> ?
what saint did paul vi denote as mother of the catholic church ?
what network was designed by the french
what party did lithuania 's communist party break apart from ?
what term was coined in the 16th century to indicate present time ?
what liquids come from hydrothermal bottles ?
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study ?
which mountain is a holy pilgrimage for both hindus and tibetans ?
rather than being joined to the limb that died , where do subsequent layers grow ?
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1
in what year did pope benedict xv revise the code of canon law ?
what is no longer used in modern database systems ?
when did the <unk> war happen ?
who is the founder of microsoft and the third richest man in america ?
where is north carolina state university ?
where is the stratigraphic section ?
from what continent did the marshallese originate ?
what is the german goddess that symbolizes copper ?
why is this not determined in a patient with copd ?
until at least when will worldwide loss of scientific advisers probably depend much on the worldwide birth rate ?
what social groups were formed during the neolithic age of norte ?
what kind of crops were studied in sweden ?
besides english , what other language is spoken in gibraltar ?
what act determined what class a citizen belonged to ?
was french society open or <unk> of female participation in the literary sphere during the enlightenment ?
what may we assume the parties to a treaty intended the treaty 's obligations to be if the treaty included an <unk> date ?
from 1947 to 1967 , how much did the price of oil increase ?
what word is n't used in japan for comics ?
who owns the major papers in the city ?
what were lodges called that included women ?
what damaged the relaxation of immigration protocols to norfolk island ?
how is information stored in a relational system ?
how many individual libraries make up the main school library ?
how long is sweet wort boiled for after sparging ?
whose writings are a good example of learned words in catalan ?
how many media outlets does washington university support ?
soldiers from which country were brought to the congo ?
where was the first figure <unk> championship held ?
what is congress responsible for preserving ?
what is included in medication therapy management ?
when did stratonice marry <unk> iii ?
what is the main source of fresh water for the marshall islands ?
what has <unk> modern-day chamorro ?
who was the leader of the group attacked by the people of the marshall islands in 1834 ?
what word do they use in poland for an institute of technology ?
what book specifically for the use of priests was printed in estonian ?
how many of st. barthelemy 's hotels have fewer than 15 rooms ?
when was the third dynasty of ur ?
what nervous system structure is less <unk> among annelids than was thought before 2007 ?
how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria in freedom ?
who is the president of the <unk> 's uk division ?
what agency pioneered dna testing ?
what is the regional magazine in namibia ?
late published versions were utilized by who ?
what does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to ?
what honorific title can be given to prime ministers in commonwealth nations ?
what types of cases in russia and china are handled by civil law ?
how many employees work for <unk> air force base ?
what feature made wanamakers the same as other stores at the time ?
thomas edison is credited with ?
according to a colorado study , dog bites are what in children as compared to adults ?
a mode of <unk> is often <unk> multiple times until reaching what ?
the color issue was not settled until when ?
when did the german jewry seek to reform jewish belief ?
how many people did operation infinite reach kill ?
in what year was cheshire made a county ?
what kind of armenian religious music is prevalent ?
who created the 1982 amendment ?
military spending that is based on conventional threats has been dismissed as what ?
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ?
in what year was highbury bombed ?
what did the restatement ( second ) of contracts standardize ?
what 's the party 's take on muslim history ?
which ipod accessory was made by apple but is no longer produced ?
what version of elf <unk> the hack vulnerability ?
what is the generally accepted date the pacific war started ?
what nationality was <unk> ?
what is the process called when a signal is masked by another signal separated by time ?
in what borough is the <unk> park neighborhood located ?
how much land is owned by the mod ?
which mosque is believed to be the first with a dome ?
when was his birthday recorded as being ?
who is a recent scientific <unk> ?
where does the main rail originate ?
what party was the fbi concerned with ?
what is the customary calendar of iran ?
where does radio <unk> operate from ?
survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers ?
in what year was labour shown to have a slight lead ?
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
what was hoover 's profession in 1934 ?
when did the supreme court address the issue of officially sponsored prayer in public schools ?
what religion did the yuan encourage , to support buddhism ?
which company was organized first , electro-dynamic light company or united states electric lighting company ?
what class of people rejected status during the mamluk period ?
what does the indian arts and crafts act of 1990 require artists to prove they 're enrolled in ?
the idea that judgment ca n't be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought ?
on what show did adams appear to " defend himself " ?
what influenced the look of the digimons ?
how large is notre dame in acres ?
in which region of the world were spanish signs minted ?
due to the cause of the specificity of base <unk> , what must be true of the two strands in a double <unk> ?
during the briton empire , tribes spoke which dialect ?
what hardware element did t3 feel might have issues with durability ?
development in the wood manufacturing industry include using lignin to make what substance ?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
what are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ?
where are <unk> located ?
why was the word " national " a cause for alarm to neither federalists and anti-federalists ?
what religion did the black community found ?
how high does the <unk> london bridge rise ?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else ?
what year did minorities in estonia make up more than a third of the country ?
by when did the tories have a comfortable lead over labour ?
which hindu philosophy concerns dualism ?
political corruption in legislature reduces what , overall ?
how long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ?
what is kanye west 's middle name ?
which tucson street is devoted to bicycles ?
who wo n't command the reserves ?
which commissioner reads the formal closing statement to the assention ceremony ?
why do people prefer a first edition shakespeare play ?
who accepts the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
what is discounted when converting from gregorian to julian ?
when was the colossus sent to <unk> park ?
how do macrophages change ?
what is another term for a consonant being weakened ?
who are popular fiddle player and <unk> <unk> player ?
which fiber is thicker ?
what was one of the first growing industries to develope after the civil war ?
how are erganzungsschulen funded ?
what was the name of apollo 's sister ?
what part of dukkha deals with pain ?
is the age that <unk> are allowed to marry universally decided upon ?
where are <unk> located ?
whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
how many republics were n't in the ussr ?
what type of action does applied anthropology initiate ?
how big is the smallest forest in yale 's possession ?
what percentage of people in portugal speak german ?
after the romans <unk> the british isles what became the more common name for the country ?
what ethnicity was his father ?
in what ways are madaris similar to eastern colleges ?
how many attended the trials of the black panther in 1970 ?
what institution houses the monthly kansan ?
who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
who argued that emotional responses compete with instinct and reason ?
who gave up their claim to the english throne ?
when did sheptycki write about global policing ?
in what year was hms dreadnought launched ?
who wanted israel to withdraw from its border ?
where did n't unlicensed games feature a <unk> ?
what is the hollow sphere that a <unk> initially develops into called ?
what sort of capacitors have traditionally been used in radio tuning circuits ?
how many minor <unk> are in miami ?
what is one annual event oklahoma city hosts ?
when was warsaw 's stock exchange brought back to life ?
who did shell split with in 2010 ?
where has the medieval fair of norman been held since 2003 ?
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
what has the simplest known circadian clock ?
who was the first president of palermo ?
who adopted the total force policy ?
what does ' <unk> ' mean ?
which continent was considered to be at the center of <unk> pact <unk> ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement begin ?
how did popper 's rejection of marxism in his adult years effect him ?
what is evolutionary phonology an integrated approach to ?
how many people were <unk> injured by the derailment ?
how many digital copies of previously digitized materials were there in december of 2012 ?
what percentage of books borrowed in england , germany , and <unk> america were novels ?
what is the complex organizational unit of freemasonry ?
<unk> armstrong wrote a biography on who ?
through what period did queen victoria reign ?
an insect that can recall a specific location for up to a year does what ?
what group is set up to scrutinize public bills submitted to the scottish parliament ?
what type of geological event was feared could be caused by the morals of the emperor ?
what does ' <unk> ' mean ?
alaska 's coastline also has potential in which two environmentally friendly energy types ?
what country did <unk> eugenio <unk> garcia lead ?
in what year was the first <unk> film festival held ?
what offers training in asian law ?
in max schoop 's method , what was used to create the <unk> pattern on the board ?
what famous mosque is in punjab ?
on what occasions are s and z replaced with <unk> and <unk> ?
what type of legislative subjects can both the central legislative body and state legislatures make laws ?
what is the second biggest centre for the u.n. ?
how many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned ?
what <unk> contributes to the diverse bird population in san francisco county ?
what resulted from the series of protests in iran over foreign concessions sales ?
what university class year belonged to the group of theorists ?
who must approve tribal constitutions ?
what harsh measures do farmers use to prevent the chickens from harming themselves or others ?
how do you treat <unk> if it gets worse ?
what is an important concern for pilots ?
what position did george hardie hold ?
how often does earth 's orbit position change ?
what model of emotion was developed by scherer ?
how many <unk> phyla did the 1837 study <unk> ?
what product did the kingdom of <unk> export ?
what was the name of the <unk> physician that served in the british navy ?
what is the first letter in the part numbering scheme ?
how many m. tuberculosis complexes are there ?
what serves as the collective head of state ?
what is a term for the church of england but not the churches that align with it ?
where is the kuiper belt relative to neptune ?
what happened to the kingdom of hanover in 1866 ?
what frank led norman forces ?
who did the geographic scholars work for ?
old 9th century documents describing slavs were written in what language ?
when did professional teams begin to dominate the canadian football championship ?
who forced peasant farmers to move to new settlements ?
haredi and hasidic jewry have an attachment to what movement ?
pitt 's plan called for what attacks ?
what did pilots have to do to avoid the barrage balloons ?
what german materialist did not signal a new turn in materialism ?
what resulted in a net gain of seats ?
some cultures treat dogs as what rather than companions ?
what happened to safety <unk> in 1979 ?
where are the clicks meant for the top level page routed ?
how many movies were directly connected to the anime series ?
<unk> <unk> that siddhartha would be a kind or a what ?
what branch of the government has <unk> discretion ?
according to ibn sina , what is needed to support transition at the primary stage of education ?
who developed the new orthophonic curve ?
laws were formulated in what country ?
what word means both lock and castle , depending on its accent ?
who was the mother of jesus ?
which genealogy website benefits by the may 2008 announcement ?
who conducted a study on uncomprehensive schools ?
what medicine is there tentative evidence for the efficacy of ?
what does a <unk> citizen who is a resident need to return from norfolk island to the mainland ?
what did the chopin 's family business become in the 20th century ?
what was the naval base called ?
are more rings necessary if they 're narrow or wide ?
by what era was india inhabited by humans of some form ?
what symbol set has a defining property of ambiguity ?
adolescent immunological changes can also result in what ?
who created the <unk> for apollo ?
who is apollo 's son ?
why did south africa install an interim administration in namibia ?
besides england who else were particularly welcoming to those fleeing france ?
who was forced to resign ?
what did large herds of bison attract ?
what is the value of the food imported into st. barthelemy 's each year ?
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ?
the island of cyprus serves as a key military base to what western country ?
what country did dubcek lead ?
when did the seven companies begin developing usb 's ?
after the 15th century , what was the order of preachers known as ?
what is the <unk> term for those in burma that are not a part of the racial majority ?
how can <unk> be defined ?
what year did the us enter world war ii ?
who used william 's phrase as a description of the first amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch ?
who did not want to <unk> mysticism in the dominican order ?
what nationality of engineers did japan hire to build naval <unk> ?
what year was schwarzenegger 's film the running man released ?
a series of prussian and german victories took place in what part of france ?
what firms tend to <unk> drug development ?
where is the augmented programme required for further education ?
what was thought to be bad for children and those who could not read or write ?
in what part of the country can most of the congo 's citizens be found ?
how many pages was the kalven report statement ?
what pier in somerset could accommodate the biggest ships ?
what city displaced palermo as the capital during arab rule ?
in what geographic region of lancashire is <unk> county ?
how many attacks comprised the plymouth blitz ?
when was the presbyterian church in the us formed ?
what cultures represent " pristine " conditions found in uncontacted peoples ?
at what point could athanasius return to alexandria ?
what company was created by kenexa in 2012 to manufacture <unk> ?
how are the original ancestors of the tibetan people represented ?
what is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ?
who led the team that came up with <unk> laboratories ?
how many species have gone from threatened to endangered ?
when was riba 's first satellite office opened ?
which train station is close to the northern end of campus ?
how did video game ratings affect nintendo ?
what is the opera created by steven glass that uses sanskrit ?
what does the freedom house classify armenia as ?
which administration increased funding to unfpa ?
what word is derived from sanskrit and <unk> ?
in what year did <unk> records end production ?
in 1876 victoria held what title ?
what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks ?
what does <unk> mean <unk> ?
what movement was affiliated with the third great awakening ?
how many years had passed since giulio <unk> called for the first vatican council ?
what does most of the hd material use as a standard ?
did athanasius want to be the patriarch of alexandria ?
what has having an eu citizenship increased ?
the fund is represented by a patron and who else ?
how high were the wind speeds generated from the hurricane on may 23 , 2001 ?
how many people created a chain of solidarity that went estonia and other countries ?
how many years does a degree-granting university in canada spend teaching students ?
in what languages did dante and boccaccio create their works ?
what school was established in 1851 ?
high pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used in what application ?
what is the alternative to the theory that the renaissance was n't a time of great opulence ?
what latin word does the english word translation come from ?
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
in what year was hopkins school founded in new haven ?
what is the most uncommon interpretation of the word " ummi " that the quran applies to muhammad ?
who ca n't be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions ?
what religion influenced <unk> for the romans ?
to what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor proportional to ?
what group of languages have to comply with grimm 's law ?
who commanded the representation in the states general ?
what did <unk> refer to rich industrialist as ?
what government department did buyantu shut down ?
what was sent out by governors in the south in 1953 ?
what is a rare discipline that avicenna worked on ?
what is prominent in the arrangement of the quranic text ?
which tennessee city hosts the state 's most famous aquarium ?
what does shelby steele believe that the false concept of affirmative action is ?
what was warner sinback
do the plays sport high attendance rates ?
how many countries have signed the worst forms convention <unk> ( <unk> ) ?
which industries did european settlers in alaska end ?
where did victoria visit that led her to <unk> derby for the state of the royal navy ?
which company provides train service in fresno ?
what profession is more likely to want to repeal dst : farmers or <unk> ?
who did goodman switch distribution to in 1968 ?
what two members of city council were convicted of <unk> in 2015 ?
who ruled cyprus in 1191 ?
in newton 's second law , what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ?
what market value were gold coins traded in relation to ?
which county in east tennessee was more supportive of the confederacy than its neighbors ?
what department did spielberg have an unpaid <unk> with ?
when did thatcher last hold power ?
when was the chinese war fought ?
due to being a coastal city , how much snow does the city gets ?
what about beyonce has influenced many <unk> ?
how many guarantees will most databases tolerate ?
what does n't santa <unk> mean ?
who was mary betrothed to ?
who ranked imperial as one of the most welcoming universities ?
what language family is czech ?
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ?
what tax rate has an indirect relationship with income inequality ?
greece 's plant distribution belongs to what ?
what philosophy of thought addresses wealth inequality ?
what is the total albanian population in greece ?
what is the study of human culture ?
what level physics does psychology and geology use ?
what type of <unk> do experienced <unk> dislike ?
what station in valencia was built for high-speed trains ?
who in the mod was convicted of fraud ?
what type of aircraft was first used by the delhi flying club after its founding ?
what set of skills is reliant on procedural memory ?
what term describes all the species of insects in existence ?
what is the main industry in europe ?
about how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year ?
when was the word " scientist " created ?
what is the exception to this common characteristic ?
what department did kublai create to train doctors ?
for how many months was australia attacked from the air by japan ?
what is the name of the act that formerly governed norfolk island ?
who is responsible for the <unk> obligations of the parties to a treaty ?
how often does seattle send to the national poetry slam ?
what good traits is the color red associated with in china ?
what continental limit is set below the <unk> parallel ?
why did feynman decide to turn down an offer from the institute of advanced study ?
what have a characteristic shape ?
from where did this school of thought emerge ?
what did the collection of coding document ?
how long was warsaw the capital of the duchy commonwealth ?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
how do devices with windows 9 enterprise attain apps outside of the windows store ?
symptoms ranging from diarrhea to eye <unk> are from what ?
unaspiration varies with what ?
what languages have a tendency to lose <unk> adjectives ?
how long has miami been the world 's top cruise passenger port ?
broader ecological impacts can occur when an apex predator is removed , in the case of yellowstone , this includes <unk> to the ?
where does wayback machine keep its technologies stored ?
what does a video-conference use that allows communication in live situations ?
what did imperial college announce it would do after professor grimm 's death ?
what is the abbreviation by which the university of kansas is known ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
where was the burial site used for testing located ?
how many newspapers are there in spain ?
what team did jeff foley play for ?
how many divisions make up the academics of the university ?
how did relations between lebanon and the uar change with <unk> 's election ?
what is one type of pesticide ?
who is notable for <unk> the term " <unk> ? "
which color was the symbol to <unk> and rebirth in ancient egypt ?
what percentage of byu 's class of 2015 are married ?
what is generally a university created or run by private donors ?
what is another name for alsace ?
where was the location origin of the maurya and gupta empires ?
what distinct quality of combustion was absent from philogiston theory ?
how many smaller stations exist that are not <unk> ?
<unk> followed what 1987 def leppard record ?
what is this kind of introduction and transfer used for ?
when did <unk> on corruption first appear ?
on what island is the capital of the marshall islands ?
what tradition did buddhists stop ?
how do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ?
what are <unk> pathways used to <unk> ?
how many transport vehicle can the harbor actually hold ?
in what century were sailors <unk> to relocate from plympton due to <unk> ?
what allowed the expansion of arabic translations during the 5th century ?
after 1945 , the times supported what party for 5 years afterwards ?
what city was the ally of lagash ?
what was the first wave of modern jewish migration to <unk> palestine known as ?
what did the catholic church prevent mary from having ?
what borough were the greenpeace activists from ?
what it located through <unk> 's northern regions ?
which western premier was murdered in the igbo coup ?
what is detroit 's area code ?
case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size ?
what compass point of mesopotamia did the hebrew <unk> refer to ?
who was a meeting organized for in 1929 in atlantic city ?
when was the 2nd edition of burke 's book published ?
from what dialect is hindi descended ?
what was considered a deep flaw of georgian architecture ?
when did the nara period begin ?
what was suspended during the period of mourning ?
what theory describes the implied egalitarianism of labor societies ?
short term exposure to <unk> <unk> of what is dangerous ?
at what university is this issue of accurate consensus for greeks living elsewhere being debated an
what is the most commonly seen squirrel in higher elevations ?
who defined mammalian as the crown group mammals ?
for what purpose do organisms make peroxide and superoxide ?
where was shirley planning an expedition ?
which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ?
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ?
what did the byzantine empire use to expand its political influence ?
what direction was the writing on copper <unk> ?
where was the focus of paintings on <unk> and surfaces ?
what was thought to be only good for children and those who could not read or write ?
along with psychology , neuroscience , <unk> , medicine , history and sociology , what field has engaged in research on emotion ?
what is an early example of the novel form of literature from europe ?
what subject did avicenna start studying at 16 ?
what old ally did nasser turn against ?
what two roads connect utrecht to the rest of europe ?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ?
who was it essential to islam to imitate ?
pentecostals <unk> their teachings to those of what age ?
who was the first contestant to benefit from the judges save ?
what would the internet archive have to do if requested by someone whose content is available on wayback machine ?
what is an important concern in the operation of an airport ?
what happened to the jews during the crusades ?
a defeat by which team eliminated england from the 1970 fifa world cup ?
what forms is internet explorer 10 unavailable as ?
what asian war threatened canada ?
in what city is the cathedral of st peter 's located ?
how many <unk> " <unk> " squadrons were homeported at the weapons station ?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ?
what problem did some tree ring data have ?
which borough had the highest hdi score ?
what position does schwarzenegger hold with the institute ?
computer programs that are long lists of numbers are called what ?
what is the population of lahore ?
where was antonio b. won pat from originally ?
how much lower is the swazi real gdp growth in comparison to other southern african customs union members is swaziland ?
for how long after arsenal 's first trophy win the team do poorly competitions ?
which local icon 's death inspired many of the tennessee volunteers during the mexican-american war ?
what were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ?
what did many benedictines take part in ?
which mayor influenced the chicago star partnership ?
where is bruce <unk> headquartered ?
what do the vedas describe ?
what curriculum does the island adapt ?
what foundation of study restricted the accomplishment of the goal of a scholarly people ?
mammals have a <unk> that involved into what ?
which event on the orthodox calendar is related to mary and icon veneration ?
in what ceremonial county is southampton located ?
what street was renamed in the late 2000s to commemorate the street version of baseball ?
what is the world 's smallest wildlife refuge ?
in 1910 , there were concerns among the tajik officials that what ?
what word was created to be used in the study of botany in 1920 ?
along with the experience , function and origin of emotion , what aspect of emotion does current research not attempt to explain ?
what occurs when offspring delay dispersal from their <unk> group ?
which continent has the british architectural library as the smallest library ?
who has the power and right to enact statutes for interstate <unk> ?
by what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ?
what was designed for less daily connections ?
why did dominic travel to denmark in 1203 ?
who controlled most of newfoundland 's east coast by 1620 ?
which mountain range goes through rajasthan ?
what was the capital of virginia prior to richmond ?
what language are many periodicals published in in india ?
what did the arabic authorities suppress in the twentieth century ?
which president <unk> silver coins ?
what system were institutes of technology a part of during the seventies , <unk> , and early <unk> ?
in what year did howard kendall start his first <unk> managing everton ?
what theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains ?
what type of mechanics help to simplify things ?
what varies widely from state to state ?
what was the last husband of <unk> kennedy known for ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
what railway station serves the northern suburbs ?
how many barrels of gas does shell produce per day ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ?
what did burke say about the concept of architectural character ?
where did the artist federation hold their annual balls ?
what academic discipline at the university is based in the roland levinsky building ?
the <unk> gulf is near what city ?
what methodology was in force when greece submitted its membership qualification ?
what is the federal specified outcome ?
what iq score did feyman attain in high school ?
which parts of africa is m. <unk> most common in ?
what site in <unk> suggests violent warfare in the neolithic era ?
when did chrome become more used than all versions of internet explorer ?
what work by avicenna is thought to be a real ?
what was the number of papers in the first print run of the times ?
what system has no impact on income inequality ?
what theories began to be put in wider practice ?
what trait in the enlightened era did most sanskrit speakers <unk> ?
who never conducted a study on comprehensive schools ?
what animal sometimes <unk> in the rhine ?
into what language did martin luther translate the bible ?
how is the positive image on a cd protected ?
where does ku 's cross country team run ?
spoleto festival usa is a counterpart to what italian festival ?
what 's biographical area does what 's new tailor information to for each user ?
what is the modern term for <unk> <unk> ?
what country does <unk> serve as capital of ?
what was to be compared to civilizations ?
what process is better than allowing bribes to remain in place ?
when were these 30 sworn in ?
who can collect taxes in oklahoma ?
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold ?
what has the same connection to an upstream isp ?
on what coast of costa rica is <unk> creole english spoken ?
what prompted a help program produced by cotton producers in the 1960s ?
what was a significant contributor to the human food supply ?
what was often used too <unk> functional parts of buildings ?
what are the agents the immune system detects known as ?
what type of fig grows on the island ?
what has the agreement between the premier league and sky been accused of being ?
what was the name of the project to create a geographical database ?
in degrees celsius , what temperature does miami always see ?
who reestablished washington university 's football team ?
what was the final destination of the drugs going through guinea-bissau ?
without what are <unk> plants meant to be grown ?
what is defined as the product of mass of an object and its velocity <unk> ?
what is believed to have caused the opening of new sea routes during the ottoman empire ?
in what year did henry viii establish an office of <unk> ?
what emperors visited nanjing more than once ?
scripts are used a lot by what ?
what type of decorations are used in muslim world decorative art rather than pictures ?
who are transition periods meant to assist ?
what war did the second sino-japanese war lead into ?
who took away a perpendicular style chapel ?
what was considered a lesser class of designers ?
who called for more government oversight into the ipcc ?
what party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ?
who oversees the period of <unk> behavior ?
what is the main goal of the v&a + riba partnership ?
in addition to <unk> , what other website was shut down for two days ?
what plays a major role in absorbing oxygen ?
what type of microscope is used by petrologists ?
what are the digimon <unk> main goals ?
when did apple begin not to favor aluminum in their design ?
what secondary language do educated people in kathmandu speak ?
which level do many common operating systems meet ?
in what year did the daily kansan lose the intercollegiate writing competition ?
whose power ratings range from about <unk> to <unk> ?
the security given to the torch relay in new delhi is reminiscent of the security of what ?
what was least significant in architecture according to ruskin ?
who wrote the <unk> hymn ?
what is usually written in song forms ?
what minimum distance from the <unk> does the official place the ball before play starts ?
what is <unk> of <unk> actions and the cultivation of positive actions called ?
how many ancient canons exist in the western church ?
what sort of identity was promoted by the rcc ?
the three places of articulation are the <unk> , <unk> and what ?
what word means playing in the gymnasium ?
what happened to the french mediterranean fleet ?
what is the process in which plants convert solar energy into stored energy called ?
where are specialized cells not located ?
what did britain establish in 1824 ?
what is copper and nickel tender valuable for these days ?
what does obersee mean ?
who made great advances in <unk> ?
what has the process of revolution in the uk did ?
who does the <unk> galerie belong to ?
in what year was world war i launched ?
what exists within the main unicode categories ?
what did the japanese government release in japan on november 21 , 1990 ?
what is the name of one of the jehovah 's witnesses publications ?
aside from phonemes what is studied by phonology ?
what writing mentions the arian accusation that athanasius was under aged ?
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers
most lodges have the oath taken on what ?
which body of water and <unk> of the same name marks the border between melbourne and geelong ?
what is special about hosts on a network ?
what architectural style was westminster abbey rebuilt in ?
who received the nobel prize in physics based on the destruction of energy quanta ?
what did standard & poor recommend to slow economy recovery ?
who was the last qing emperor ?
besides aves , what group contains the only living representatives of the reptile clade <unk> ?
what is alaska 's least prominent orchestra ?
what does shell sell 3.1 million barrels of per day ?
what are the <unk> <unk> in a testing phase for ?
what did zhu yuanzhang build around the city of nanjing ?
most accept that buddha lived and taught in what type of order ?
what state in australia is the center of dairy farming ?
what is 187th street interrupted by ?
what famous artist worked for pope john paul ii ?
what type of process is used to produce least paper used in paperback books ?
which two countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1930s treaty with each other ?
what were the two forms of environmental determinism ?
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ?
besides porcelain , paper and mica , what other non conductive material was used as an insulator ?
who built the three forts on st. barts ?
what theory sees an emotional episode as consisting of components ?
what shortened the life of the government ?
what causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ?
the temperature gradient prevented what land species growth ?
for how many years had the my pyramid graphic been released at the time of the mississippi delta study ?
in the additive method , which parts of the laminate are plated with copper ?
which battle was the first to interrupt the seeming <unk> of the old swiss confederacy in <unk> ?
in what year was the first aboriginal senator elected ?
what did microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on march 12 , 2013 ?
what are the closest relatives of flying <unk> ?
what working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine ?
what will <unk> usually run parallel to ?
what technology can be used along with videoconferencing ?
what type of continent is greece ?
at what event is pork traditionally eaten on tuvalu ?
spoleto festival uk is a counterpart to what italian festival ?
outside of livestock , what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ?
what are two examples of interspersed repeats ?
for what did canadian natives use asphalt as a <unk> material ?
with whom did hayek share his 1974 award ?
the treaty of frankfurt gave germany which imperial territory ?
how many people were killed as a result ?
what does the severity of a disease resulting from a pathogen depend on ?
what was alonso de salazar 's nationality ?
who has the highest numbers of the british orders of chivalry ?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism ?
why dc system can effect the speed of trains ?
which year did beyonce and her father part business ways ?
what was the new word for dutch that still caused some confusion with the language spoken in germany ?
what two instruments did frederic 's father play during this time ?
who partnered with william <unk> dunn to open the first store ?
what kind of family was <unk> <unk> van <unk> born into ?
what is the primary <unk> for migration ?
what infamous doors <unk> was once arrested in new haven ?
what produces electronic components ?
how long was the state of the soviet regime recognized by other countries ?
what was the name of the war lost by the maratha states in 1818 ?
which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams ?
most injuries sustained by adolescents are related to what ?
what role was montini not perceived to fill unlike some of his fellow cardinals ?
who composed the score for the film ?
when was the <unk> free trade agreement enacted ?
how many attempts to the moon did <unk> <unk> <unk> fail before successfully launching ?
what do many capacitors contain that lower the capacitance ?
when was n't vesey 's plan for a slave revolt revealed ?
what was declared the official language of constituent republics in 1991 ?
who inspired <unk> <unk> in creating his army ?
the 1803 act created what dock program ?
what year was the national postal service of somalia relaunched ?
what group does the inverse of gn include ?
what was the purpose of the union of utrecht ?
which year did the italian american professors make their request ?
unit testing tries to eliminate collaboration errors before what ?
which ipod component did apple somewhat <unk> made <unk> ?
what kind of linguists are leaving the old methods behind ?
what agreement commits countries to conserve biodiversity ?
in the conflict , who lead the german states of the north german confederation ?
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from canada for personal medicinal use ?
when was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ?
what type of government does n't spain have ?
what is madonna 's religious background ?
how many senior men 's teams does the hockey club field each week ?
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ?
who refused to take slave women as concubines ?
in what year did <unk> <unk> start playing for england 's football team ?
in what year did the protestant reformation arrive in france ?
several manufacturers offer what ?
what is the effect on humans of oxygen ?
when was the board of estimate found unconstitutional ?
what anaesthetic helped her give birth to her 18th child ?
when was the qing dynasty in power ?
what was tucson 's population in 1910 ?
what caused volcanism on the antarctic peninsula ?
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ?
who spoke of the " warning signs " of idealism ?
what characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements ?
how man boroughs was the borough of mexico city split into in 1970 ?
imperialism is less often associated with which sovereignty ?
who led the russian occupation of berlin ?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
when are the oldest beads thought to have been made ?
what percentage of detroit 's residents where white in 1940 ?
in what country is <unk> creole english spoken ?
art and music were some of these forms of cultural related to what type of living ?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon ?
<unk> , <unk> , mesopotamia , persia , armenia , egypt , arabia , syria , palestine , ethiopia , caucasus , libya , anatolia , and abyssinia were all what ?
in what year did napoleon and czar alexander first meet ?
who <unk> london 's defences ?
who was the governor during world war ii ?
who did brigham young hope to <unk> via byu ?
why do poorer states propagate territorial reform ?
how many towns had riots of their own following the initial riots ?
on which <unk> did the quake focus ?
where on neptune does weather not occur ?
what metal has a higher thermal conductivity than copper ?
who was responsible for taking the charter from the royal institute ?
what event is associated with the start of animals ?
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ?
what are some of the claims being pointed towards education inequality ?
what is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ?
what year did yerevan create a <unk> center ?
short range missiles are replacing what weapons ?
what did the <unk> system not do ?
early 20th century states began to have a <unk> to take care of whom ?
in what year did the supreme court determine that <unk> powers by congress was unconstitutional ?
why are high-index glasses valued ?
at what landmark did the funeral procession begin ?
what becomes developed all the time ?
where are the most threatened species found ?
what right to abstain from do jehovah 's witnesses exercise ?
who did the spanish want to take jose manuel gonzalez-paramo 's seat on the board ?
mechanically , one <unk> is defined as what ?
how many cds from american idol contestants had been sold at the beginning of 2010 ?
what was the name of the <unk> 's leader that was blamed for the strike ?
what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs ?
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
what aids cloud formation ?
in what century was the traditional lancashire flag established ?
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
in which war was russia involved in <unk> ?
the national presbyterian church had <unk> congregations and how many members ?
what was the big fear that brought the british government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company ?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ?
who was the major user of railway electrification in the nineteenth century ?
regardless of beliefs , christians all agree that jesus has a unique what ?
what is the average class size in somerset state secondary schools ?
what discipline can undergraduate students interested in general health study ?
who made the claim that the torah had divine authorship ?
what kind of words are excepted from literary use ?
where are many united <unk> presbyterians located ?
on which month and day did <unk> start ?
what is <unk> called in nepali ?
who won the 2011 election ?
what bush agency was created before 9/11 ?
who ran the phones in greece between 1949 and the 1980s ?
what principle further <unk> on how fiction can change history ?
what character was featured in the cartoon aired the day bbc broadcasting was restored ?
who took control when <unk> died ?
what soviet leader did nasser <unk> with ?
what are two things that a simple html version supports ?
vaccination is a way in which what may be acquired ?
what playstation 3 model did t3 feel the super slim 's design was paying homage to ?
how did hayek believe <unk> could be maintained ?
how much was each copper token worth ?
what term did christian <unk> using 1878 ?
why did the royal society think the earth was older than previously thought ?
how does the 2008 human development report refer to countries that rank " very high " ?
what thrived after the snes was discontinued ?
french church street is in what irish town ?
what did germanic people create in place of the western roman empire ?
who is the commander in chief of congress ?
what area does los angeles and san francisco merge with to form metropolitan areas larger than san diego ?
twelve or more categories for race and ethnicity were in the census by when ?
how expensive is <unk> per term ?
who was the owner of the traymore hotel ?
<unk> these new inhabitants welcomed ?
what was the latest a town was demolished in thuringia ?
who was an example of a 3rd party publisher ?
what was the name given to the proposal ?
what brought the defeat of the <unk> ?
which weapon caused a major shift in anti-aircraft strategy ?
at what age did avicenna turn to away from philosophy ?
how many fraternities are apart of the university ?
in what month in 2000 was the proposal submitted for the new stadium ?
where was the smallest camp established ?
where did old briton call home ?
from what group does an achievement gap separate working class students at comprehensive schools ?
for what reason was asphalt used in the flooring of buildings ?
how many supercarriers did the u.n. fleet have following the <unk> of the uss enterprise ?
when she was betrothed to joseph , approximately how old was mary ?
when did japan invade all of china ?
what did jean buridan create to explain the motion of projectiles ?
how many little islands surround malo ?
what 's a common abbreviation for the term institute of technology ?
why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy ?
abc japan was made part of what ?
where did the gothic architecture style fail originally ?
the single group of south slavs are made up of which two other groups ?
what previous movement is post-punk often identified as coming after ?
boston is at the east end of what interstate ?
what is a <unk> used for on a thermal conductivity gauge ?
in what year did the system begin operations in japan ?
in what type of molecules are oxygen found ?
what complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ?
the germans flew along one beam until they picked up the second beam the sound telling them when to start doing what ?
what type of climate is southern nigeria ?
where is camp <unk> located ?
how should the grain direct of metallic <unk> run to <unk> faces ?
when was the <unk> written ?
what happened to geology during the scientific revolution ?
what does quebec being referred to as the 51st state in a <unk> way mean in the us , generally /
how many people speak italian in europe ?
during what time period do some researchers believe russians settled in alaska ?
how many tunnels does nanjing have over the yangtze river ?
what type of transition was noted from one group to the next ?
what was the purpose of launching the beidou-1c satellite ?
obsidian is what type of slag ?
what other flaws <unk> the problem of identifying <unk> scientific hypotheses ?
when was the royal society of edinburgh formed ?
what nation is responsible for the defense of the marshall islands ?
prior to spreading , how hot is <unk> asphalt heated ?
what is never needed with technology transfer ?
it is considered political when it involves what kind of money ?
local disputes in rural areas are usually handled by what individuals ?
who came to great britain in the 500 's ?
how many schools is yale composed of ?
how many scheduled languages are there in present-day india ?
what was the fear that caused 200,000 people to be evacuated from mianyang ?
the centrality of intent <unk> what definition , beyond the 1948 one ?
what must you pay to film in baggage reclaim ?
in an argument by avicenna , the soul is without what ?
in which sector would the government of samoa like to see deregulation ?
how many academic units make up radcliffe ?
what did disagreements following the eritrean war result in ?
what type of carrier has a single definition
who did not approve of the first name for neptune ?
what do hot dry winds <unk> inland to the coast create ?
which individual offered land to father edward sorin ?
what general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ?
hayek believed that which type of democracy was the worst of its alternatives ?
what do the organizing groups hope to obtain for themselves ?
what is the primary language spoken by the people in swaziland ?
what is the largest private institution in the city ?
when was the earliest <unk> of settlement in the city centre ?
what is one regional un office located in new delhi ?
who wrote a persian translation of the quran in the 11th century ?
what new industries were produced by china in <unk> ?
what was the driving force behind the revitalization of the roman naval forces ?
a version of baseball played in city streets was nicknamed was in the 1930s ?
for what reason did sting and other artists cancel their scheduled performances in kazakhstan ?
aside from recreational use , in what other arena have ipods found use ?
what area did the bantu colonize in the late 19th century ?
how many characters are printable characters ?
what animals did paul vi consider to be " the most beautiful animals god ever created " ?
what percent of native american ancestry may originate through gene flow from the <unk> ' <unk> ' population ?
which groups started to focus on resources available to them globally ?
what river is located in the vicinity of the school ?
melbourne 's <unk> was due in part to what event ?
who took over the colony from virginia in <unk> ?
in 2008 , over how many countries contributed to the unfpa ?
what boston church is one of the oldest congregations in the us ?
what variable is not associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ?
what were the most important buildings of the time ?
how much of michigan 's population resides in the detroit metropolitan area ?
which nation saw the most significant warsaw pact military deployment ?
what was the increase in population from 1950 to 2011 ?
what helped cut down time standing in the queue for shelters ?
by whom was marcel duchamp labeled not an orphanist ?
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ?
what subject did avicenna stop studying at 16 ?
between 1941 and 1946 , which <unk> british historian was assistant editor for the times ?
what political movement was paul vi criticized for having a relationship with ?
along with sakhalin island , what islands were occupied by the soviets after the first world war ?
how many signatures were gathered for kanye 's removal from the 2015 pan american games ?
how many animal skeletons are in the museum of <unk> ?
when was electroluminescence discovered ?
how many general principles does the social charter declare ?
what is a main duty of the gphc ?
what is being done on single cell silico ?
when did monks in the <unk> and <unk> monasteries start protesting for independence ?
why were southern chinese ranked lower ?
how many members of ethnic <unk> are there ?
what road becomes <unk> near <unk> ?
what is the name of the fruit related festival held annually in delhi ?
what tv network listed beyonce as number 1 on its 100 <unk> artists list ?
where were <unk> & <unk> based ?
what kind of government was victoria 's reign leaning towards ?
what was the nationality of <unk> <unk> ?
what significant deposits are found in the <unk> mountains ?
what was nasa called before it became nasa ?
how many grammatical moods do english verbs have ?
in what year was rca 's parent company nbc sold to general electric ?
who was it that claimed hayek 's the constitution of liberty to be an thorough example of <unk> philosophy ?
which group provided oversight for the electoral process in 2009 ?
name an event that can be contributed to the revolution .
what is a possible cause of copyright infringement ?
how many aircraft did the luftwaffe lose ?
what was achieved though the use of the scientific study of anatomy in the field of art ?
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t ( n ) , what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ?
which nation subsidized indigo crops from the lowcountry ?
when did the age of imperialism begin ?
what is the common density of printing paper ?
when does a party 's <unk> become the cabinet of government ministers ?
there is a weak presence of presbyterians in which capital of <unk> ?
how many years old were the quran fragments lost in birmingham in 2015 ?
how many preaching members of the witnesses are there in the united states ?
how many sororities are apart of the university ?
in what time span were the theories to integrate molecular genetic with <unk> evolution developed ?
how many state parks exist in new york city ?
when was everton admitted as a member of the premier league ?
what does packet switching contrast with
what nationality is the architect enric miralles ?
what theory says that long-distance running drove the evolution of some human traits ?
what year was the start of investments from the european union structural funds ?
what are some words expressed in ?
is southampton 's higher education sector weak or strong ?
what is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ?
how <unk> were the losses ?
what used to be the main draw on electricity ?
what era is commonly called as the final phase of the copper age ?
what part of speech does dutch mostly use cases for ?
along with the <unk> phase , what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under gregg v. georgia ?
what year were 48 % of malians older than twelve years old ?
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
what did the <unk> plebeians want before they returned to rome ?
what kingdom forced the indo-greek kingdom to the east ?
how are the client and subcontractor linked ?
